Geue thy holy ƒpirite to this infant, that he being bo°ne
agayne, and beeing made heyre of euerla¥ing ƒaluacion
th°ough our lo°d Jeƒus Ch°i¥, may continue thy ƒeruaunt,
and attein thy p°omiƒes th°ough the ƒame our lo°de Jeƒus 
P°iuate Baptiƒme
Ch°i¥e thy ƒonne, who liueth and reigneth with the in vnitie
of the ƒame holy ƒpirite euerla¥inglye. Amen.
Then ƒhall the mini¥er make this exho°tacion, to the
Godfathers, and Godmothers.
F O°asmuche as this chylde hath p°omiƒed by you to
fo°ƒake the deuil and al his wo°kes, to beleue in god, & to
ƒerue him, you mu¥ remember that it is your partes and
duetie to ƒee that this infant be taught, ƒo ƒone as he ƒhalbe
able to learne, what a ƒolemne vowe, p°omiƒe, and p°ofe±ion
he hath made by you, and that he may know theƒe thinges
the better, ye ƒhall call vpon hym to heare ƒermons: And
chiefly ye ƒhal p°ouide that he may learne the Crede, the
Lo°des p°ayer, and the ten commaundementes in the engliƒh
tong, and al other thinges which a ch°i¥ian man ought to
know and beleue to his ƒoules health, and that this childe
may bee vertuouƒly b°ought vp, to leade a godly and a
ch°i¥ian life. Rememb°ing alway that baptiƒme doeth rep°eƒent
vnto vs our p°ofe±ion, which is to folow thexample
of our ƒauiour Ch°i¥e, and to be made like vnto him, that as
he died and roƒe again fo° vs: ƒo ƒhould we whiche are
baptized dye from ƒin, and ryƒe againe vnto righteouƒnes,
continually mo°tifying al our euil & co°rupt affeccions, and
dayly p°oceding in al vertue and godlines of liuing.
&c. As in Publike Baptiƒme.
¶ But if they which b°ing the infantes to the church, do make an
vncertain anƒwere to the p°ie¥es que¥ions, and ƒay that they
can not tel what they thought, did, o° ƒayde in that great feare
and trouble of mynde: (as oftentymes it chaunƒeth) Then let
the p°ie¥ Baptize him in fo°me aboue written, concernyng
publyke Baptiƒme, ƒauyng that at the dyppyng of the childe
its the fonte, he ƒhalt vƒe this fo°me of woo°des.
IF thou be not Baptized already .N. I Baptize thee in the
name of the father, and of the ƒonne, and of the holy go¥. Amen.
The water in the fonte ƒhalbe chaunged euery moneth once at the
le¥, and afo°e any child be Baptized in the water ƒo chaunged, the
p°ie¥ ƒhall ƒay at the font theƒe p°ayers folowing. 
P°iuate Baptiƒme
moste mercifull god our ƒauioure Jeƒu Ch°i¥,
who ha¥ o°deyned the element of water fo° the
regeneracion of thy faythful people, vpon whom,
beyng baptiƒed in the riuer of Jo°dane, the holye gho¥e came
down in the likene±e of a dooue: Sende down we beƒeche
thee the ƒame thy holye ƒpirite to a±i¥e vs, and to bee p°eƒent
at this our inuocacion of thy holy name: Sanctifie this
fountaine of baptiƒme, thou that art the ƒanctifier of al
