Virgin Mary, and was made manne, and was Crucified
alƒo fo° vs vnder Poncius Pilate, he ƒuffered and was
buried, and the thirde daye he aroƒe again acco°ding to the
ƒcriptures, and aƒcended into heauen, and ƒitteth at the right
hande of the father: and he ƒhall come again with glo°y, to
iudge both the quicke and the dead.
And I beleue in the holy gho¥, the Lo°de and geuer of
life, who p°ocedeth from the father and the ƒonne, who with
the father and the ƒonne together, is wo°ƒhipped and glo°ified,
who ƒpake by the P°ophetes. And I beleue one Catholike and
Apo¥olike Churche. I acknowlege one Baptiƒme, fo° the 
The Communion.
remi±ion of ƒynnes. And I loke fo° the reƒurreccion of the
deade: and the lyfe of the wo°lde to come. Amen.
After the Crede ended, ƒhall folowe the Sermon o° Homely, o° ƒome po°tion
of one of the Homelyes, as thei ƒhalbe herafter deuided: wherein if the
people bee not exho°ted, to the wo°thy receiuyng of the holy Sacrament of
the bodye & bloude of our ƒauio° Ch°i¥: then ƒhal the Curate geue this
exho°tacion, to thoƒe yt be minded to receiue ye ƒame.
Erely beloued in the Lo°d, ye that mynde to
come to the holy Communion of the bodye
and bloude of our ƒauio° Ch°i¥e, mu¥ con-
ƒid°e what S. Paule w°iteth to the Co°inthians,
how he exho°teth all perƒones diligently
to trie & examine themƒelues, befo°e they p°eƒume to
eate of that b°eade, and d°inke of that cup: fo° as the benefite
is great, if with a truly penitent heart, & liuely faith, we
receiue that holy Sacrament; (fo° then we ƒpiritually eate
the fleƒhe of Ch°i¥, & d°inke his bloude, then we dwell in
Ch°i¥ & Ch°i¥ in vs, wee bee made one with Ch°i¥, and
Ch°i¥ with vs) ƒo is the daunger great, yf wee receyue the
ƒame vnwo°thely; fo° then wee become gyltie of the body
and bloud of Ch°i¥ our ƒauio°, we eate and d°inke our owne
damnacion, not conƒidering the Lo°des bodye. We kyndle
Gods w°athe ouer vs, we p°ouoke him to plague vs with
diuerƒe dyƒeaƒes, and ƒondery kyndes of death. Therefo°e if
any here be a blaƒphemer, aduouterer, o° bee in malyce, o°
enuie, o° in any other greuous cryme (excepte he bee truly
ƒo°y therefo°e, and earne¥ly mynded to leaue the ƒame
vices, and do tru¥ him ƒelfe to be reconciled to almightie
God, and in Charitie with all the wo°lde), lette him
bewayle his ƒynnes, and not come to that holy table; le¥
after the taking of that mo¥ ble±ed b°eade: the deuyll enter
into him, as he dyd into Judas, to fyll him full of all
iniquitie, and b°ynge him to de¥ruccion, bothe of body and
ƒoule. Judge therfo°e yourƒelfes (b°eth°en) that ye bee not
iudged of the lo°de. Let your mynde be without deƒire to
ƒynne, repent you truely fo° your ƒynnes pa¥, haue an 
earne¥ and lyuely faith in Ch°i¥ our ƒauio°, be in perfect
charitie with all men, ƒo ƒhall ye be mete partakers of thoƒe
