eternall.
And yet they are not th°ee eternalles : but one eternall.
As alƒo there be not th°ee incomp°ehenƒibles, nor th°ee
vncreated : but one vncreated, and one incomp°ehenƒible.
 So lykewyƒe, the father is almyghtie : the ƒonne almightie,
and the holy go¥ almightie.
 And yet are they not three almyghtyes : but one almightie.

 So the father is God, the ƒonne God: and the holye go¥
God.
 And yet are they not th°ee Goddes : but one God.
 So lykewiƒe the father is Lo°d, the ƒonne Lo°d : and the
holy go¥ Lo°de.
 And yet not th°ee Lo°des : but one Lo°de.
 Fo° like as we be compelled by the ch°i¥ian veritie : to
acknowlege euery perƒone by hymƒelfe to be god & lo°d:
 So are we fo°bidden by the Catholike religion : to ƒay
there be th°ee goddes, o° th°ee lo°des.
 The father is made of none : neyther created no° begotten.

 The ƒonne is of the father alone : not made no° created,
but begotten.
 The holy go¥ is of the father and of the ƒonne : neyther
made no° created, no° begotten, but p°oceding.
 So there is one father, not th°ee fathers; one ƒonne, not
th°ee ƒonnes : one holy go¥, not th°ee holy go¥es.
 And in thys trinitie none is afo°e no° after other : none
greater no° le±e then other.
 But the whole th°ee perƒones : be coeternall together and
coequall.
 So that in all thinges, as it is afo°eƒayd : the vnitie in
trinitie, and the trinitie in vnitie is to be wurƒhipped.
 He therefo°e that will bee ƒaued : mu¥ thus thinke of the
trinitie. 
Euenƒong.
 Furthermo°e, it is nece±ary to euerla¥ing ƒaluacion :
that he alƒo beleue ryghtly in the incarnacion of oure Lo°de
Jeƒu Ch°i¥e.
 For the ryght fayth is that we beleue and confe±e : that
our Lo°de Jeƒus Ch°i¥e the ƒonne of God, is God and man;
 God of the ƒub¥aunce of the father, begotten befo°e the
wo°ldes : and man of the ƒub¥aunce of his mother, bo°ne in
the wo°lde.
 Perfecte God, and perfecte man : of a reƒonable ƒoule,
and humayne fleƒhe ƒubƒi¥ing.
 Equall to the father as touchyng his Godhead: and
inferio° to the father touchyng his manhoode.
 Who although he be God and man: yet he is not two, but
one Ch°i¥e.
 One, not by conuerƒion of the Godhead into fleƒh : but by
