of Sainct Paule to be honourable emong all men,
and therefo°e is not to bee enterp°iƒed, no° taken in hande
vnaduiƒedlye, lightelye, o° wantonly, to ƒatiƒfie mens carnal
lu¥es and appetites, like b°ute bea¥es that haue no vnder-
¥anding: but reuerentely, diƒcretely, aduiƒedly, ƒoberly, and
in the feare of God. Duely conƒideryng the cauƒes fo° the
whiche matrimonie was o°deined. One cauƒe was the
p°ocreacion of child°en, to be b°ought vp in the feare and
nurture of the Lo°d, and p°ayƒe of God. Secondly it was
o°deined fo° a remedie agayn¥ ƒinne, and to auoide fo°nicacion,
that ƒuche perƒones as bee maried, might liue cha¥lie
in matrimonie, and kepe themƒelues vndefiled memb°es of
Ch°i¥es bodye. Thirdelye fo° the mutuall ƒocietie, helpe,
and coumfo°t, that the one oughte to haue of thother, both in 
Of matrimonye.
p°oƒperitie and aduerƒitie. Into the whiche holy e¥ate theƒe
two perƒones p°eƒent: come nowe to be ioyned. Therefo°e if
any man can ƒhewe any iu¥e cauƒe why they maie not
lawfully be ioyned ƒo together: Leat him now ƒpeake, o° els
hereafter fo° euer hold his peace.
And alƒo ƒpeakyng to the perƒones that ƒhalbe maried, he ƒhall ƒaie.
I require and charge you (as you will aunƒwere at the
d°eade full daye of iudgemente, when the ƒecretes of all
hartes ƒhalbee diƒcloƒed) that if either of you doe knowe any
impedimente, why ye maie not bee lawfully ioyned
together in matrimonie, that ye confe±e it. Fo° be ye wel
a±ured, that ƒo manye as bee coupled together otherwaies
then Goddes woo°d doeth allowe: are not ioyned of God,
neither is their matrimonie lawful.
At which daye of mariage yf any man doe allege any impediment
why they maye not be coupled together in matrimonie: And will be
bound, & ƒureties with hym, to the parties, o° els put in a caution to
the full value of ƒuche charges as the perƒones to bee maried dooe
ƒu¥eyne, to p°oue his allegacion: then the Solemnizacion mu¥e bee
differred, vnto ƒuche tyme as the trueth bee tried. Yf no impedimente
bee alleged, then ƒhall the Curate ƒaye vnto the man.
N. wilte thou haue this woman to thy wedded wife, to liue
together after Goddes o°deinaunce in the holy e¥ate of
matrimonie? Wilt thou loue her, coumfo°te her, hono° and
kepe her, in ƒickene±e and in health? And fo°ƒaking all other
kepe thee only to her, ƒo long as you both ƒhall liue?
The man ƒhall aunƒwere,
I will.
Then ƒhall the p°ie¥ ƒaye to the woman.
N. Wilt thou haue this man to thy wedded houƒeband, to
liue together after Goddes o°deinaunce, in the holy e¥ate of
matrimonie? Wilt thou obey him, and ƒerue him, loue, hono°,
and kepe him in ƒickenes and in health? And fo°ƒaking al
other kepe thee onely to him, ƒo long as you bothe ƒhall liue?
Of Matrimonie.
