admit the penitent perƒone to the holy Communion, and not hym that
is ob¥inate.
 Upon the date, and at the tyme appoincted fo° the mini¥racion of
the holy Communion, the P°ie¥ that ƒhal execute the holy mini¥ery,
ƒhall put vpon hym the ve¥ure appoincted fo° that mini¥racion, that
is to ƒaye: a white Albe plain, with a ve¥ement o° Cope. And where
there be many P°ie¥es, o° Decons, there ƒo many ƒhalbe ready to
helpe the P°ie¥, in the mini¥racion, as ƒhalbee requiƒite: And ƒhall
haue vpon them lykewiƒe, the ve¥ures appointed fo° their mini¥ery,
that is to ƒaye, Albes with tunacles. Then ƒhall the Clerkes ƒyng in
Engliƒhe fo° the office, o° Introite, (as they call it) a Pƒalme appointed
fo° that daie. 
The Prie¥ ¥anding humbly afo°e the middes of the Altar, ƒhall
ƒaie the Lo°des p°aier, with this Collect.
Lmightie GOD, vnto whom all hartes bee
open, and all deƒy°es knowen, and from
whom no ƒecretes are hid: clenƒe the
thoughtes of our hartes, by the inƒpiracion
of thy holy ƒpirite: that we may perfectly
loue thee, and wo°thely magnifie thy holy name: Th°ough
Ch°i¥ our Lo°de. Amen.
Then ƒhall he ƒaie a Pƒalme appointed fo° the introite: whiche
Pƒalme ended the P°ie¥ ƒhall ƒaye, o° els the Clerkes ƒhal ƒyng,
iii. Lo°de haue mercie vpon vs.
iii. Ch°i¥ haue mercie vpon vs.
iii. Lo°de haue mercie vpon vs.
Then the Prie¥e ¥andyng at Goddes bo°de ƒhall begin,
Glo°y be to God on high.
The Clerkes.
And in yearth peace, good will towardes men.
We p°aiƒe thee, we ble±e thee, we wo°ƒhip thee, we glo°ifie
thee, wee geue thankes to thee fo° thy greate glo°y, O Lo°de
GOD, heauenly kyng, God the father almightie.
O Lo°de the onely begotten ƒonne Jeƒu Ch°i¥e, O Lo°de
God, Lambe of GOD, ƒonne of the father, that take¥
awaye the ƒynnes of the wo°lde, haue mercie vpon vs: thou
that take¥ awaye the ƒynnes of the wo°lde, receiue our
p°aier.
Thou that ƒitte¥ at the right hande of GOD the father,
haue mercie vpon vs: Fo° thou onely art holy, thou onely
art the Lo°de. Thou onely (O Ch°i¥) with the holy
Gho¥e, are mo¥e high in the glo°y of God the father.
Amen. 
The Communion.
Then the p°ie¥ ƒhall turne him to the people and ƒaye,
The Lo°de be with you.
The Aunƒwere.
And with thy ƒpirite.
The P°ie¥.
Let vs p°aie.
