any other iu¥ impedimente, doe not receyne the ƒacramente of
Ch°i¥es bodye and bloud then the curate ƒhall in¥ruct hym,
that yf he doe truely repent hym of his ƒinnes and ¥edfa¥ly
beleue that Jeƒus Ch°i¥ hath ƒuffered death vpon the co±e fo°
hym: and ƒhed his bloud fo° his redempcion, earne¥ly rememb°ing
the benefites he hath therby, and geuing hym hertie
thankes therfo°e; he doeth eate and d°ynke ƒpiritually the bodye
and bloud of our ƒauioure Ch°i¥e, p°ofitably to his ƒoules helth,
although he doe not receyue the ƒacrament with his mouth.
¶ When the ƒicke perƒone is viƒited and receiueth the holy
communion, all at one tyme: then the p°ie¥ fo° mo°e expedicion
ƒhall vƒe this o°d°e at the viƒitacion. 
The communion of the ƒicke.
The Anthem.
Rememb°e not Lo°de, &c.
Lo°de haue mercy vpon vs.
Ch°i¥e haue mercy vpon vs.
Lo°de haue mercy vpon vs.
¶ Our father whiche art in heauen, &c.
And leade vs not into temptacion.
Aunƒwere.
But deliuer vs from euyll. Amen.
Let vs p°aye.
O Lo°de, looke downe from heauen, &c.
¶ With the fir¥e parte of the exho°tacion and all other thynges
vnto the Pƒalme:
In thee o Lo°de haue I put my tru¥, &c.
And yf the ƒicke deƒy°e to be annoyncted, then ƒhall the p°ie¥ vƒe
thappoynted p°ayer without any Pƒalme. 
 THE ORDRE FOR
The buriall of the dead.
The p°ie¥ metyng the Co°ps at the Churche ¥yle, ƒhalt ƒay: Or
els the p°ie¥es and clerkes ƒhalt ƒing, andƒo goe either into the
Churche, o° towardes the graue.
Am the reƒurreccion and the life (ƒayth the Lo°d):
he that beleueth in me, yea though he were dead,
yet ƒhall he liue. And whoƒoeuer lyueth and bein
me: ƒhall notdye fo° euer.
John xi.
I
leueth
Knowe that my redemer lyueth, and that I ƒhall ryƒe
out of the yearth in the la¥ daye, and ƒhalbe couered
again with my ƒkinne andƒhall ƒee Godin my fleƒh: yea and
I my ƒelfe ƒhall beholde hym, not with other but with theƒe
ƒame iyes.
Iob XIX.
W E b°ought nothyng into this wo°lde, neyther may
we carye any thyng out of this wo°lde. The Lo°d
geueth, and the Lo°d taketh awaie. Euen as it pleaƒeth the
