herte? how long ƒhall myne enemye triumph ouer me?
Conƒyd°e, & heare me, (O Lo°d my God) lighten myne
iyes, that I ƒlepe not in death. Le¥e myne enemy ƒaye: I
haue p°euayled again¥ hym: fo° yf I be ca¥ downe, they
that trouble me will reioyce at it. But my tru¥ is in thy
mercy, & my herte is ioyfull in thy ƒaluacion. I will ƒing of
the Lo°d, becauƒe he hath delte ƒo louingly with me. Yea, I
wyll p°ayƒe the name of the Lo°d the mo¥ highe¥. Glo°y be
to the, &c. As it was in the, &c.
¶ The communion of the ƒicke.
O°aƒmuche as all mo°tal men be ƒubiect to many ƒodaine perils,
diƒeaƒes, and ƒickene±es, and euer vncertaine what time they ƒhall
departe out of this lyfe: Therfo°e to thentent they may be alwayes
in a readine±e to dye, whenƒoeuer it ƒhall pleaƒe almighty God to
call them: The curates ƒhall diligently from tyme to tyme, but ƒpecially in
the plague tyme, exho°te they° paryƒhoners to the ofte receyuyng (in the
churche) of the holy communion of the body and bloud of oure Sauioure
Ch°i¥e: whiche (yf they doe) they ƒhall haue no cauƒe in they° ƒodaine
viƒitacion, to be vnquyeted fo° lacke of the ƒame. But if the ƒicke perƒon be
not hable to come to the churche, and yet is deƒirous to receyue the communion
in his houƒe, then he mu¥ geue knowlage ouer night, o°els early in
the mo°ning to the curate, ƒignifying alƒo howe many he appoynted to communicate
with hym. And yf theƒame daye there be a celeb°acion of the holy
communion in the churche, then ƒhall the p°ie¥ reƒerue (at the open communion)
ƒo muche of the ƒacrament of the body and bloud, as ƒhall ƒerue the
ƒiche perƒon, & ƒo many as ƒhall communicate with hym (yf there be any.)
And ƒo ƒoone as he conuenientely may, after the open communion ended in
the church, ƒhall goe and mini¥er the ƒame, fir¥e to thoƒe that are appoynted
to communicate with the ƒicke (yf there be any), and la¥ of all to the
ƒicke perƒon himƒelfe. But befo°e the curate di¥ribute the holy communion:
the appoynted generall confeion mu¥ be made in the name of the
communicantes, the curate addyng the abſolucion with the coumfortable
ſentences of ſcripture folowyng in the open communion, and after the
communion ended, the collecte.
Almightie & euerlyuyng God, we mo¥e hertely thanke thee, &c.
¶ But yf the daye be not appoynted fo° the open communion vs the
churche, then (upon conuenient warning geuen) the curate ƒhal come and
viƒite the ƒick perƒon afo°e noone. And hauing a conuenient place in the ƒicke
mans houƒe (where he may reuerently celeb°ate) with all thinges nece±ary
fo° the ƒame, and not beyng otherwyƒe letted with the publike ƒeruice. o°
any other iu¥ impediment; he ƒhal there celeb°ate ye holy communion after
ƒuche fo°me and ƒo°te as hereafter is appoynted. 
 THE CELEBRA=
cion of the holy communion fo° the ƒicke.
P°ayse the Lo°de, all ye nacions, laude hym, all
ye people: fo° his mercifull kyndene±e is
confy°med towarde vs, and the trueth of the
Lo°de endureth fo° euer.Glo°y be to the father, &c.
Lo°d haue mercy vpon vs.
Ch°i¥ haue mercy vpon vs.
