&c.
And then ƒhall ƒaye openly.
I beleue in God the father almightie, &c.
The p°ie¥ ƒhall adde alƒo this p°ayer.
Lmightie and euerla¥yng God, heauenly father,
we geue the humble thankes, that thou
ha¥e voucheƒaued to call vs to knowledge of
thy grace, and fayth in thee: Increaƒe and confyrme
this fayth in vs euermo°e: Geue thy holy ƒpirite to
theƒe infantes, that they may be bo°ne agayne, and be made
heyres of euerla¥ing ƒaluacion, th°ough our Lo°d Jeƒus 
Publyke Baptiƒme.
Ch°i¥: Who lyueth and reigneth with thee and the holy
ƒpirite, nowe endfo° euer. Amen.
Then let the p°ie¥ take one of the child°en by the ryght hande, thother
being b°ought after him. And cumming into the Churche towarde the
fonte, ƒaye.
THe Lo°de voucheƒafe to receyue you into his holy houƒ-
holde, and to kepe and gouerne you alwaye in the ƒame,
that you may haue euerla¥ing lyfe. Amen.
Then ¥andyng at the fonte the p°ie¥ ƒhall ƒpeahe to the Godfathers
and Godmothers, on this wyƒe.
Elbeloued frendes, ye haue b°ought theƒe child°en
here to bee Baptized, ye haue p°ayed that our
Lo°de Jeƒus Ch°i¥ would vouchƒafe to receyue
them, to lay his handes vpon them, to ble±e them, to releaƒe
them of theyr ƒinnes, to geue them the kyngdome of heauen,
and euerla¥yng life. Ye haue heard alƒo that our Lo°de
Jeƒus Ch°i¥e hath p°omyƒed in his goƒpel, to graunte all
theƒe thynges that ye haue p°ayed fo°: whiche p°omyƒe he fo°
his parte, will mo¥e ƒuerly kepe and perfourme. Wherfo°e,
after this p°omyƒe made by Ch°i¥e, theƒe infantes
mu¥e alƒo faythfully fo° theyr parte p°omiƒe by you, that
be theyr ƒuerties, that they wyll fo°ƒake the deuyll and all
his wo°kes, and con¥antly beleue Gods holy woo°de, and
obediently kepehiscommaundementes.
Then ƒhall the p°ie¥ demaunde of the childe (which ƒhalbe fir¥
Baptized) theƒe que¥ions blowing: fir¥ naming the childe, and
ƒaying.
N. Doe¥ thou fo°ƒake the deuill and all his wo°keƒ?
Aunƒwere.
I fo°ƒake them.
Mini¥er.
Doe¥ thou fo°ƒake the vaine pompe, and glo°y of the
wo°lde, with all the couetouƒe deƒyres of the ƒame?
Aunƒwere.
I fo°ƒake them.
Mini¥er.
Doe¥ thou fo°ƒake the carnall deƒyres of the fleƒh, ƒo that
thou wilt not folowe, no° be ledde by them? 
