takyng of the manhoode into God;
 One altogether, not by confuƒion of ƒub¥aunce: but by
vnitie of perƒon.
 For as the reaƒonable ƒoule and fleƒhe is one man: So
God and man is one Ch°i¥e.
 Who ƒuffered for oure ƒaluacion : deƒcended into hell,
roƒe agayne the third daye from the dead.
 He aƒcended into heauen, he ƒytteth on the right hand of
the father, God almighty : from whence he ƒhall come to
iudge the quicke and dead.
 At whoƒe commyng all men ƒhall ryƒe agayne with they°
bodyes: and ƒhall geue accompt of they° owne wo°kes.
 And they that haue done good, ƒhall goe into life euerla¥yng
: and they that haue done euyll, into euerla¥yng
fyre.
 This is the Catholyke fayth : whiche excepte a man
beleue faythfully, he cannot be ƒaued.
 Glory be to the father, and to the ƒonne, &c.
 As it was in the begynnyng, &c. 
 THVS ENdeth
the ord°e of Matyns and
Euenƒong, through
the whole yere.
(..
.) 
 THE SVPPER
of the Lo°de, and the holy Comunion,
commonly called
the Ma±e.
O many as intende to bee partakers of the holy
Communion, ƒhall ƒygnifie their names to the Curate,
ouer night: o° els in the mo°ning, afo°e the beginning of
Matins, o° immediatly after.
And if any of thoƒe be an open and noto°ious euill
liuer, ƒo that the congregacion by hym is offended, o° haue doen any
w°ong to his neighbours, by wo°de, o° dede: The Curate ƒhall call
hym, & aduertiƒe hym, in any wiƒe not to p°eƒume to the lo°des table,
vntill he haue openly declared hymƒelfe, to haue truly repented, and
amended his fo°mer naughtie life: that the congregacion maie thereby
be ƒatiƒfied, whiche afo°e were offended: and that he haue recompenƒed
the parties, whom he hath dooen wrong vnto, o° at the lea¥ bee in full
purpoƒe ƒo to doo, as ƒone as he conueniently maie.
 The ƒame o°d°e ƒhall the Curate vƒe, with thoƒe betwixt whom he
perceiueth malice, and hatred to reigne, not ƒuffering them to bee
partakers of the Lo°des table, vntill he knowe them to bee reconciled.
And yf one of the parties ƒo at variaunce, be content to fo°geue from
the botome of his harte all that the other hath treƒpaced again¥ hym,
and to make amendes fo° that he hymƒelf hath offended: and the other
partie will not bee perƒwaded to a godly vnitie, but remaigne ¥ill in
his frowardues and malice: The Mini¥er in that caƒe, ought to
