xi. The purificacion of women.
xii. A declaracion of ƒcripture, with certein p°ayers to bee
vƒe the fir¥e daye of Lent, commonlye called Aƒhwedneƒdaie.

xiii. Of Ceremonies omitted o° reteyned.
xiiii. Certein notes fo° the mo°e plain explicacion and decent
mini¥racion of thinges conteined in this boke. 
THE PREFACE.
Here was neuer any thing by the wit of man ƒo well
deuiƒed, o° ƒo ƒurely e¥abliƒhed, which (in continuance
of time) hath not been co°rupted: as (emong other
thinges) it may plainly appere by the common p°ayers
in the Churche, commonlye called diuine ƒeruice:
the fir¥e o°iginall and grounde whereof, if a manne
woulde ƒearche out by the auncient fathers, he ƒhall
finde that theƒame was not o°deyned, but of a good
purpoƒe, and fo° a great aduauncement of godlines: Fo° they ƒo o°dred the
matter, that all the whole Bible (o° the greate¥ parte thereof) ƒhould be read
ouer once in the yeare, intendyng thereby, that the Cleargie, and ƒpecially
ƒuche as were Mini¥ers of the congregacion, ƒhould (by often readyng and
meditacion of Gods wo°de) be ¥irred vp to godlines themƒelfes, and be mo°e
able alƒo to exho°te other by wholƒome doctrine, and to confute them that were
aduerƒaries to the trueth. And further, that the people (by daily hearyng of
holy ƒcripture read in the Churche) ƒhould continuallye p°ofite mo°e and
mo°e in the knowledge of God, and bee the mo°e inflamed with the loue of his
true religion. But theƒe many yeares pa±ed this Godly and decent o°dre of
the auncient fathers, hath bee ƒo altered, broken, and neglected, by planting in
vncertein ¥o°ies, Legendes, Reƒpondes, Verƒes, vaine repeticions, Commemo°acions,
and Synodalles, that commonly when any boke of the Bible
was began: befo°e three o° foure Chapiters were read out, all the re¥ were
vnread. And in this ƒo°te the boke of Eƒaie was begon in Aduent, and the booke
of Geneƒis in Septuageƒima: but they were onely begon, and neuer read
thorow. After a like ƒo°te wer other bokes of holy ƒcripture vƒed. And mo°eouer,
whereas ƒ. Paule would haue ƒuche language ƒpoken to the people in the
churche, as they mighte vnder¥ande and haue p°ofite by hearyng the ƒame;
the ƒeruice in this Churche of England (theƒe many yeares) hath been read in
Latin to the people, whiche they vnder¥oode not; ƒo that they haue heard with
they° eares onely; & their hartes, ƒpirite, and minde, haue not been edified
thereby. And furthermo°e, notwith¥andyng that the auncient fathers had
deuided the pƒalmes into ƒeuen po°cions, wherof euery one was called a
nocturne, now of late tyme a fewe of them haue been dailye ƒayed (and ofte
repeated) and the re¥ vtterly omitted. Mo°eouer the nomb°e & hardnes of the
rules called the pie, and the manifolde chaunginges of the ƒeruice, was the
cauƒe, yt to turne the boke onlye, was ƒo hard and intricate a matter, that
many times, there was mo°e buƒines to fynd out what ƒhould be read, then to
read it when it was faunde out.
Theƒe inconueniences therfo°e conƒidered: here is ƒet furth ƒuche an o°dre,
whereby the ƒame ƒhalbe redre±ed. And fo° a readines in this matter, here is
d°awen out a Kalendar fo° that purpoƒe, whiche is plaine and eaƒy to be
vnder¥anded, wherin (ƒo muche as maie be) the readyng of holy ƒcripture is
