Aunƒwere.
Amen.
The mini¥er.
N Owe ƒeeing that all they bee accurƒed(asthe Prophete
Dauid beareth witne±e) whiche doe erre and goe
a¥ray from the commaundementes of God, let vs (rememb°ing
the d°edefull iudgement hanging ouer our heades,
and beyng alwayes at hande) returne vnto our lo°de God,
with all contricion and mekenes of heart, bewailing and
lamenting our ƒinful life, knowlaging and confe±ing our
offences, and ƒeekyng to b°ing furth wo°thie fruites of
penance. Fo° euen now is the axe put vnto the roote of the
trees, ƒo that euery tree whiche b°yngeth not furth good
fruite, is hewen downe and ca¥ into the fyer. It is a
fearefull thing to fall into the handes of the liuing God: he
ƒhal pow°e downe rayne vpon the ƒinners, ƒnares, fyer and
b°im¥one, ¥o°me and tempe¥: this ƒhalbe they° po°cion to
d°ynke. Fo° loe the lo°de is cummen out of his place, to viƒite
the wickednes of ƒuch as dwell vpon the earth. But who
may abyde the daye of his cumming? who ƒhalbee hable to
endure whan he appeareth? His fanne is in his hande, and he
wil pourge his floo°e, and gather his wheate into the barne,
but he will burne the chaffe with vnquencheable fier. The
day of the lo°de cummeth as a thiefe vpon the night, & when
men ƒhall ƒay peace, and all thynges are ƒafe, then ƒhall ƒodayne
de¥ruccion come vpon them, as ƒo°owe cometh vpon a
woman trauaylyng with chylde, and they ƒhall not eƒcape:
then ƒhall appeare the w°athe of God in the daye of vengeaunce,
whiche ob¥inate ƒynners, through the ¥ubbernes of
they° hearte, haue heaped vnto themƒelfe, which deƒpiƒed the
Pſal. cXviii.
Mat. iii.
Hebru. x.
Pſal. x.
Eſai. xxvi.
Mala. iii.
Mat. iii.
Thea. v.
Roma. ii.
The fir¥ day of lent.
goodne±e, pacience & long ƒufferaunce of god, when he called
them continually to repentaunce. Then ƒhall they cal vpon
me (ƒayth the lo°de), but I wil not heare: they ƒhal ƒeke me
early, but thei ƒhal not finde me, & that becauƒe they hated
knowlage, & receiued not the feare of the lo°d, but abho°red
my counƒell & deƒpiƒed my co°reccion: then ƒhal it be to late
to knocke, when the doo°e ƒhalbe ƒhut, & to late to cry fo°
mercy, when it is the tyme of iu¥ice. O terrible voice of
mo¥ iu¥ iudgement, which ƒhalbe p°onounced vpon them
when it ƒhalbe ƒayde vnto them. Go ye curƒed into the fyer
