al my betters. To hurte no bodie by woo°de no° dede. To
bee true and iu¥ in al my dealing. To beare no malice no°
hatred in my heart. To kepe my handes from picking and
¥ealing, and my tongue from euill ƒpeaking, liyng, and
ƒlaund°ing. To kepe my body in temperaunce, ƒob°enes, and
cha¥itie. Not to couet no° deƒire other mennes goodes. But
learne and laboure truely to geate my owne liuing, and to
doe my duetie in that ¥ate of life: vnto which it ƒhal pleaƒe
God to cal me.
Que¥ion.
My good ƒonne, knowe this, that thou arte not hable to do
theƒe thinges of thy ƒelf, no° to walke in the commaundementes
of God and to ƒerue him, without his ƒpeciall grace,
which thou mu¥e leame at all times to cal fo° by diligent
p°ayer. Leat me heare therfo°e if thou can¥ ƒay the Lo°des
p°ayer.
Anƒwere.
Ur father whiche art in heauen, halowed bee thy
name. Thy kyngdome come. Thy wil bee done
in earth as it is in heauen. Geue vs this day our
dailye b°eade. And fo°gene vs our treƒpa±es, as we fo°geue
them that treƒpa±e again¥e vs. And leade vs not into
temptacion, but deliuer vs from euil. Amen.
Que¥ion.
What deƒire¥e thou of God in this p°ayer?
Anƒwere.
I deƒire my lo°d god our heauenly father, who is the geuer
of al goodnes, to ƒend his grace vnto me, and to all people, 
Confirmation.
that we may wurƒhip him, ƒerue hym, and obey him, as we
ought to doe. And I p°aye vnto God, that he will ƒende vs al
thynges that be nedeful both fo° our ƒoules and bodies: And
that he wil bee mercifull vnto vs, & fo°geue vs our ƒinnes:
And that it will pleaƒe him to ƒaue & defende vs in al
daungers go¥ and bodily: And that he wil kepe vs from al
ƒinne and wickednes, & from our go¥ly enemye, and from
euerla¥yng death. And this I tru¥e he wil doe of his mercie
and goodnes, th°ough our lo°de Jeƒu Ch°i¥e. And therefo°e I
ƒay, Amen. So be it.
¶ So ƒoone as the child°en can ƒay in their mother tongue tharticles
of the faith, the lo°des p°aier, the ten commaundementes, and alƒo
can aunƒwere to ƒuch que¥ions of this ƒho°t Cathechiƒme as the
Buƒhop (o° ƒuche as he ƒhall appointe) ƒhal by hys diƒcrecion appoƒe
them in: then ƒhall they bee b°ought to the Buƒhop by one that
ƒhalbee his godfather o° godmother, that euerye childe maye haue a
wittene±e of hys confirmacion.
¶ And the Buƒhop ƒhal confirme
them on this wyƒe.
Confirmation.
Our helpe is in the name of the Lo°de.
