That it may pleaƒe thee to haue mercy vpon all menne:
We beƒeche thee to heare vs good lo°de.
That it may pleaƒe thee to fo°geue our enemies, perƒecutours,
and ƒclaunderers, and to turne their heartes:
We beƒeche thee to heare vs good lo°de.
That it may pleaƒe thee to geue and p°eƒerue to our vƒe the
kyndly fruytes of the earth, ƒo as in due tyme we may
enioy them:
We beƒeche thee to heare vs good lo°de.
That it may pleaƒe thee to geue vs true repentaunce, to
fo°geue vs all our ƒynnes, negligences, and igno°aunces, and
to endue vs with the grace of thy holy ƒpirite, to amende our
lyues acco°dyng to thy holy wo°de:
We beƒeche thee to heare vs good lo°de.
Sonne of God: we beƒeche thee to heare vs.
Sonne of God: we beƒeche thee to heare vs.
O lambe of God, that take¥ away the ƒinnes of the wo°ld:
Graunt vs thy peace.
O lambe of God, that take¥ away the ƒinnes of the wo°ld:
Haue mercy vpon vs.
O Ch°i¥e heare vs.
O Ch°i¥e heare vs.
Lo°de haue mercy vpon vs.
Lo°de haue mercy vpon vs.
Ch°i¥e haue mercy vpon vs.
Ch°i¥e haue mercy vpon vs.
Lo°de haue mercy vpon vs.
Lo°de haue mercy vpon vs.
Our father whiche art in heauen. With the reſidue of the Pater noer. 
Suffrages.
And leade vs not into temptacion.
But deliuer vs from euyll.
The verƒicle.
O Lo°de, deale not with vs after our ƒynnes.
The aunƒwere.
Neither rewarde vs after our iniquities.
Let vs p°aye.
O God mercifull father, that deƒpiƒe¥ not the ƒyghyng
of a contrite heart, no° the deƒire of ƒuch as be ƒo°owfull,
mercifully a±y¥e our p°ayers, that we make befo°e
the in all our troubles and aduerƒities, whenƒoeuer they
opp°e±e vs: And graciouƒely heare vs, that thoƒe euyls,
whiche the crafte and ƒubteltie of the deuyll o° man wo°keth
again¥ vs, be b°ought to nought, and by the p°ouidence of thy
goodnes, they maye be dyƒperƒed, that we thy ƒeruauntes,
beyng hurte by no perƒecucions, maye euermo°e geue
thankes vnto thee, in thy holy churche, tho°ough Jeƒu Ch°i¥e
our Lo°de.
O Lo°de, aryƒe, helpe vs, and delyuer vs fo° thy names ƒake.
O God, we haue heard with our eares, and our fathers haue
