i. Cor. xv.
Hriste is riƒen from the dead, and become the fir¥
fruictes of them that ƒlepte. Fo° by a man came
death, and by a man came the reƒurreccion of the
deade. Fo° as by Adam all dye: euen ƒo by Chri¥ ƒhal al be
made aliue, but euery manne in his owne o°d°e. The fir¥e
is Chri¥e, then they that are Chri¥es, at hys comming.
Then commeth the ende, when he hath deliuered vp the
kyngdome to God the father, when he hath put downe al
rule and al autho°itie and power. Fo° he mu¥ reygne til he
haue putte al his enemies vnder his feete. The la¥e enemie
that ƒhal bee de¥royed, is death. Fo° he hath putte all
thinges vnder his feete. But when he ƒayeth al thinges are
put vnder him, it is manife¥e that he is excepted, whiche
dyd putte all thinges vnder him. When all thynges are
ƒubdued vnto hym, then ƒhall the ƒoonne alƒo hymƒelfe bee 
At the buriall.
ƒubiecte vnto hym that put all thynges vnder him, that god
mai be all in all. Elles what doe they, whiche are baptized
ouer the dead, if the dead ryƒe not at all? Why are they then
baptized ouer them? Yea, and why ¥and we alway then in
ieoperdie? By our reioyƒing whiche I haue in Chri¥ Jeƒu
oure lo°de, I dye dayly. That I haue fought with bea¥es at
Epheƒus after the maner of men, what auauntageth it me,
if the dead ryƒe not agayn? Let vs eate and d°ynke, fo° to
mo°owe we ƒhall dye. Be not ye deceiued: eiuill wo°des co°-
rupt good maners. Awake truly out of ƒlepe, & ƒinne not.
Fo° ƒome haue not the knowledge of God. I ƒpeake this to
your ƒhame. But ƒome man will ƒay: how aryƒe the dead?
with what bodye ƒhall they come? Thou foole, that whiche
thou ƒowe¥, is not quickened, except it dye. And what ƒowe¥
thou? Thou ƒowe¥ not that body that ƒhall be; but bare co°ne
as of wheate, o° of ƒome other: but god geueth it a bodie at
hys pleaƒure, to euery ƒeede his owne body. All fleƒhe is not
one maner of fleƒhe: but there is one maner of fleƒhe of men,
another maner of fleƒhe of bea¥es, another of fiƒhes, another
of birdes. There are alƒo cele¥iall bodies, arid there are
bodies terre¥riall. But the glo°ye of the cele¥iall is one,
and the glo°ye of the terre¥rial is another. There is one
maner glo°y of the ƒonne, and another glo°ye of the moone,
and another glo°ye of the ¥erres. Fo° one ¥erre differeth
from another in glo°ie. So is the reƒurreccyon of the dead.
It is ƒowen in co°rupcion, it ryƒeth again in inco°rupcion. It
is ƒowen in diƒhonour, it ryƒethe agayne in honour. It is ƒowen
in weakene±e, it ryƒeth agayn in power. It is ƒowen a
naturiall bodie, it ryƒeth agayn a ƒpirituall bodie. There is
a naturall bodie, and there is a ƒpirituall bodye: as it is alƒo
w°itten: the fir¥e manne Adam was made a liuing ƒoule,
and the la¥ Adam was made a quickning ƒpirite. Howebeit,
that is not fir¥e which is ƒpiritual: but that which is naturall,
