Lo°d haue mercy vpon vs.
Without any mo°e repeticion.
The p°ie¥.
The Lo°de be with you.
Aunƒwere.
And with thy ƒpirite.
Let vs p°ay.
Lmightie euerlyuing God, maker of mankynde,
which doe¥ co°recte thoƒe whom thou doe¥ loue,
and chatiƒe¥ euery one whome thou doe¥ receyue:
we beƒeche the to haue mercy vpon this thy ƒeruaunte viƒited
with thy hande, and to graunt that he may take his ƒickene±e
paciently, and recouer his bodily helth (if it be thy
gracious will), and whanƒoeuer his ƒoule ƒhall departe from
the body, it may without ƒpotte be p°eƒented vnto thee:
th°ough Jeƒus Ch°i¥e our Lo°d. Amen.
The Epi¥le.
Hebr. xii. Y ƒonne, deƒpiƒe not the co°reccion of the Lo°de,
neyther fainte when thou art rebuked of hym: fo°
whom the Lo°de loueth, hym he co°recteth, yea
and he ƒcourgeth euery ƒonne, whom he receyueth.
The goƒpell.
VErely verely I ƒaye vnto you, he that heareth my
woo°de, and beleueth on hym that ƒente me, hath euerla¥ing
life, and ƒhall not come vnto damnacion, but he
pa±eth from death vnto life.
Iohn v. 
The communion of the ƒicke.
The P°eface.
The Lo°de be with you.
Aunƒwere.
 And with thy ƒpirite.
Lifte vp your hertes, &c.
Unto the ende of the Canon.
¶ At the tyme of the di¥ribucion of the holy ƒacrament, the
p°ie¥e ƒhalt fir¥e receyue the communion hymƒelfe, & after
mini¥er to them that be appoynted to communicate with the
ƒicke (yf there be any), and then to the ƒicke perƒon. And the
ƒicke perƒon ƒhall all wayes deƒy°e ƒome, eyther of his owne
houƒe, o°els of his neyghbours, to receyue the holy communion
with hym, fo° that ƒhall be to hym a ƒinguler great coumfo°te, &
of they° parte a great token of charitie.
¶ And yf there be moe ƒicke perƒons to be viƒited theƒame day
that the curate doth celeb°ate in any ƒicke mans houƒe; then ƒhall
the curate (there) reƒerue ƒo muche of the ƒacramente of the
body and bloud: as ƒhall ƒerue the other ƒicke perƒons, and ƒuche
as be appoynted to communicate with them (yf there be any.)
And ƒhall immediatly cary it, and mini¥er it vnto them.
¶ But yf any man eyther by reaƒon of extremitie of ƒickene±e,
o° fo° lacke of warnyng geuen in due tyme, to the curate, o° by
