I wil ƒay vnto the God of my ¥rength, why ha¥e thou
fo°gotten me? why goe I thus heuelye, whyle the enemie
opp°e±eth me?
My bones are ƒmitten aƒoonder, whyle myne enemies (that
trouble me) ca¥ me in the teeth, namely while they ƒay
dayly vnto me : where is nowe thy God?
Why art thou ƒo vexed, (O my ƒoule) and why arte thou ƒo
diƒquieted within me?
O put thy tru¥ in god, fo° I will yet thanke him which is
the helpe of my countenaunce, and my God.
Glo°ie to the Father, &c.
As it was in the beginning, &c. 
At the Buriall.
Collette.
O Mercifull god the father of oure lo°de Jeƒu Chri¥;
who is the reƒurreccion and the life: In whom who- ƒoeuer beleueth ƒhall liue thoughe he dye: And whoƒoeuer
liueth, and beleueth in hym, ƒhal not dye eternallye: who
alƒo hath taughte vs (by his holye Apo¥le Paule) not to bee
ƒo°y as men without hope fo° them that ƒlepe in him: We
mekely beƒeche thee (o father) to raiƒe vs from the death of
ƒin, vnto the life of righteouƒnes, that when we ƒhall departe
this hyfe, we maye ƒlepe in him (as our hope is this our
b°other doeth) & at the general reƒurreccion in the la¥e daie,
bothe we and this oure b°other departed, receiuyng agayne
oure bodies, and riƒing againe in thy mo¥e gracious fauoure:
maye with all thine elect Saynctes, obteine eternall
ioye. Graunte this, o Lo°de god, by the meanes of our
aduocate Jeƒus Chri¥: which with thee and the holy gho¥e,
liueth and reigneth one God fo° euer. Amen.
The Epi¥le.
Woulde not b°ethren that ye ƒhoulde bee igno-
°aunt concernyng them which are fallen aƒlepe,
that ye ƒo°owe not as other doe, whiche haue no
hope. Fo° if we beleue that Jeƒus dyed, and roƒe againe: euen
ƒo them alƒo whiche ƒlepe by Jeƒus, will God b°ing again
with him. Fo° thys ƒaye we vnto you in the wo°d of the
Lo°de: that we whiche ƒhall lyue, and ƒhal remain in the
comyng of the Lo°d, ƒhal not come ere they which ƒlepe. Fo°
the Lo°de himƒelfe ƒhal deƒcende from heauen with a ƒhoute,
and the voice of the Archangell & troump of God. And the
deade in Chri¥e ƒhal ariƒe fir¥: then we whiche ƒhall lyue
(euen wee whiche ƒhal remayne) ƒhal bee caughte vp wyth
them alƒo in the cloudes, to meete the Lo°de in the ay°e. And
ƒo ƒhall wee euer be with the Lo°de. Wherefo°e coumfo°te
youreƒelues one another wyth theƒe woo°des.
i. The. iiii.
At the Burial.
¶ The goƒpell.
eƒus ƒaied to his diƒciples and to the Jewes: Al
that the father geueth me, ƒhall come to me: and
