Jeƒus Ch°i¥, who with thee and the holy go¥e liueth and
reyneth one god wo°ld without ende. Amen. 
Confirmation.
Then ƒhall the Bu±hop bli±e
the child°en, thus ƒaying.
The bli±ing of god almightie, the father, the ƒonne, and the
holy go¥e, be vpon you, and remayne with you fo°e euer.
Amen.
The curate of euery pariƒh once in ƒixe wekes at the lea¥ vpon
warnyng by him geuen, ƒhal vpon ƒome Soonday o° holy day, half
an houre befo°e euenƒong openly in the churche in¥ructe and examine
ƒo many child°en of his pariƒh ƒent vnto him, as the time wil ƒerue, &
as he ƒhal thinke conueniente, in ƒome parte of this Cathechiƒme. And
all fathers, mothers, mai¥ers, and dames, ƒhall cauƒe they° child°en,
ƒeruountes, & p°entiƒes (whiche are not yet confirmed), to come to
the churche at the daie appoynted, and obediently heare & be o°dered
by the curate, vntil ƒuche time as they haue learned all that is here
appointed fo° them to learne.
¶ And whanƒoeuer the Buƒhop ƒhal geue knowlage fo° child°en to be
b°ought afo°e him to any conuenient place, fo° their confirmacion:
Then ƒhal the curate of euery pariƒh either b°ing o° ƒend in writing,
ye names of al thoƒe child°en of his pariƒh which can ƒay tharticles of
they° faith, the lo°des p°aier, and the ten commaundementes. And
alƒo how many of them can anƒwere to thother que¥ions conteined in
this Cathechiƒme.
¶ And there ƒhal none be admitted to the holye communion vntil
ƒuche time as he be confirmed. 
THE FORME OF
Splemnization of
matrimonie.
¶ Fir¥ the bannes mu¥ be aƒked th°ee ƒeueral Soondayes o° holye
dayes. in the ƒeruice tyme, the people beeyng p°eƒente, after the
accu¥omed maner.
And if the perƒones that woulde bee maried dwel indiuers pariƒhes,
the bannes mu¥e bee aƒked in bothe pariƒhes, and the curate of thone
pariƒh ƒhall not ƒolemnize matrimonie betwixt them, withoute a
certificate of the bannes beeyng th°iƒe aƒked from the curate of
thother pariƒhe.
At the daye appointed fo° Solemnizacion of matrimonie, the
perƒones to be maried ƒhal come into the bodie of ye churche, with
they° frendes and neighbours. And there the p°ie¥ ƒhal thus ƒaye.
Eerely beloued frendes, we are gathered together
here in the ƒyght of God, and in the face of
his congregacion, to ioyne together this man,
and this woman in holy matrimonie, which is
an hono°able e¥ate in¥ituted of God in paradiƒe, in the time
of mannes innocencie, ƒignifying vnto vs the mi¥icall vnion
that is betwixte Ch°i¥e and his Churche: whiche holy e¥ate,
Ch°i¥e ado°ned and beutified with his p°eƒence, and fir¥
miracle that he w°ought in Cana of Galile, and is commended
