Prie¥.
O lo°d ƒaue this woman thy ƒeruaunt. 
Purificacion
Aunƒwere.
Whiche putteth her tru¥ in thee.
Prie¥.
Bee thou to her a ¥rong tower.
Aunƒwere.
From the face of her enemie.
Prie¥.
O Lo°de heare our p°ayer.
Aunƒwere.
And let our crye come to thee.
Prie¥.
¶ Let vs p°ay.
O Almightie God, which ha¥ deliuered this woman thy
ƒeruant from the great payne and peril of childbirth:
Graunt, we beƒeche thee (mo¥ mercifull father), that ƒhe
through thy helpe may both faithfully lyue, & walke in her
vocacyon acco°dynge to thy will in thys lyfe p°eƒente; and
alƒo may be partaker of euerla¥yng glo°ye in the lyfe to
come: through Jeƒus Chri¥ our lo°de. Amen.
The woman that is purifyed, mu¥ offer her Cryƒome and
other accu¥omed offeringes. And if there be a communion, it
is conuenient that ƒhe receiue the holy communion. 
The fire daie of lente com=
monly called Aƒhe=
wedniƒdaye.
¶ After mattens ended, the people beeyng called together by the
ryngyng of a bel, and a±embled in the churche: Thinglyƒhe letanye
ƒhall be ƒayed after thaccu¥omed maner: whiche ended, the p°ie¥e ƒhal
goe into the pulpitte and ƒaye thus:
Rethren, in the p°ymitiue churche there was a
godlye diƒciplyne, that at the begynnyng of lente
ƒuche perƒones as were noto°ious ƒynners, were
put to open penaunce, and puniƒhed in this wo°lde, that they°
ƒoules myght bee ƒaued in the day of the lo°d. And that other,
admoniƒhed by they° example, might he mo°e afrayed to offende.
In the ¥eede whereof vntil the ƒaide diƒciplyne maye
bee re¥o°ed agayne; (whiche thynge is muche to bee
wyƒhed,) it is thoughte good, that at thys tyme (in your
p°eƒence) ƒhoulde bee read the general ƒentences of goddes
curƒyng agayn¥e impenitente ƒinners, gathered out of the
xxvii Chapter of Deuteronomie, & other places of ƒcripture.
And that ye ƒhoulde aunƒwere to euery ƒentence, Amen: To
thentente that you beeyng admoniƒhed of the greate indignacion
of God agayn¥e ƒinners: may the rather be called to
earne¥e and true repentaunce, and maye walke mo°e warely
in theƒe daungerous dayes, fleyng from ƒuche vices, fo°
the whiche ye affirme with your owne mouthes: the curƒe
