be taughte, so soone as they shall be able to learne,
what a solemne vow, promise, and profession they haue made
by you. And that they may know these thing# the better; yee
shall call vpon them to heare Sermon#, and chiefly you shall
prouide that they may learne the Creed, the Lord# prayer, and
the ten Commandement# in the English tongue; and all other
thing# which a Christian man ought to know and beleeue to
hi# soule# health, and that these children may bee vertuously
brought vp, to leade a godly and a Christian life, remembring
alwaye# that Baptisme doeth represent vnto v# our profession,
which i#, to follow the example of our Sauiour Christ, and to
be made like vnto him, that a# he died and rose againe for v#:
so should we whiche are baptized, die from sinne, and rise
again vnto righteousnesse, continually mortifiyng all our euill
and corrupt affection#, and dayly proceding in all vertue and
godlynesse of liuing.
¶ The Minier al command that the children bee brought to the Byop
to be confyrmed of him, ſo ſoone as they can ſay in their vulgar tongue, the Articles of the Faith, the Lords prayer, and the ten Commandementes,
and be further inrued in the Catechiſme ſet foorth for that
purpoſe, accordingly as it is there expreed. 
Of them that are to be baptized in priuate houſes in
time of necety, by the Minier of the Pari, or any other lawfull Minier that can be procured.
He Paors and Curates all oft admoni the people, that they
deferre not the Baptiſme of Infants any longer then the Sunday, or
other Holy day, next after the Childe be borne vnlee vpon a
great and reaſonable cauſe declared to the Curate, and by him
approoued.
¶ And alſo they all warne them, that without great cauſe, and necety,
they procure not their children to bee baptized at home in their
houſes. And when great neede all compel them ſo to do, that then Baptiſme
shall be adminiered in this faion.
¶ Fir, let the lawfull Minier, and them that be preſent, call vpon God
for his grace, and ſay the Lords Prayer, if the time will ſuffer. And then the
childe being named by ſome one that is preſent, the ſaid lawfull Minier
all dip it in water, or poure water vpon it, ſaying theſe words:
N. I Baptize thee in the Name of the Father, and of the
Sonne, and of the holy Ghost. Amen.
¶ And let them not doubt, but that the childe ſo baptized, is lawfully
and ſufficiently baptized, and ought not to bee baptized againe. But yet
neuerthelee, if the childe which is after this ſort baptized, doe afterward
liue, it is expediente that it be broughte into the Church, to the Intent that
if the Prie or Minier of the ſame Pari did himſelf baptize that childe,
the Congregation may be certified of the true forme of Baptisme by him
priuately before vſed: or if the child were baptized by any other lawfull
Minier, that then the Minier of the Pari where the childe was borne or
Chriened, all examine and trie, whether this childe be lawfully baptized,
or no. In which caſe, if thoſe that bring any childe to the Church, do anſwer
that the ſame child is already baptized, then all the Minier examine
them further, ſaying,
By whom wa# the childe baptized?
