The PDF text is taken from an original edition published by
Robert Barker in 1634; it is intended to appear as much like the
original as possible. This particular edition is listed in David
Griffith's Bibliography of the Book of Common Prayer as 1634/1,
and appears to be similar to editions published by Barker
throughout the 1630's. The basic PDF text comes from the older
HTML text already on the site, adjusted to agree with the 1634
copy in spelling, punctuation, etc.
The woodcuts and other decorations all come from this particular
book, although they weren't necessarily used in the places you
see them in the PDF text. This is because, due to the book's
binding, it was not possible to scan in woodcuts and other
decorations on the pages on the right-hand side.
The fonts used were JSL Blackletter, and Founder's Caslon, from
HW Caslon & Co. These were chosen for their similarity to the
original text, and the fact that they contained all the required
ligatures and other special characters.
You may redistribute this document electronically provided no fee
is charged and this header remains part of the document. While
every attempt was made to ensure accuracy, certain errors may
exist in the text. Please contact us if any errors are found.
This document was created as a service to the community by
Satucket Software:
Web Design & computer consulting for small business, churches, &
non-profits
Contact:
Charles Wohlers
P. O. Box 227
East Bridgewater, Mass. 02333 USA
chadwohl@satucket.com
http://satucket.com
¶THE ORDER
where Morning and Euening
prayer all be vſed and ſayd.
He Morning and Euening prayer all be vſed in the
accuomed place of the Church, Chapell, or Chancel,
except it al be otherwiſe determined by the Ordinary
of the place: and the Chancels all remaine, as they
haue done in times pa.
A Nd here is to be noted, that the Minier at the time of the
Communion, and at all other times in his Miniration, all
vſe ſuch Ornaments in the Church, as were in vſe by authority of
Parliament in the ſecond yeere of the Reigne of E the ſixt
according to the Ae of Parliament ſet foorth in the beginning of
thys Booke. 
AN ORDER FOR
MORNING PRAYER
dayly throughout the yeere.
AT the beginning both of Morning prayer, and likewiſe of Euening
Prayer, the Minier shall reade with a lowd voice, ſome one of theſe
