alſo promiſe that by the grace of God, they will euermore endeauour
themſelues faithfully to obſerue and keepe ſuch things, as they by their owne
mouth and confeon haue aented vnto.
Secondly, forasmuche as Confirmation is minired to them that be
Baptized, that by impoſition of hands and prayer, they may receiue rength
and defence again all temptations to ſinne, and the aaults of the world and
the deuill: it is mo mete to be minired when children come to that age, that partly by the frailty of their owne fle, partly by the aaults of the
world and the deuill, they begin to bee in danger to fall into ſundry kindes of
nne.
Thirdly, for that it is agreeable with the vſage of the Church in times
pa, whereby it was ordained that Confirmation ould be minired to
them that were of perfe age, that they being instrued in Christs Religion, 
ould openly profee their owne faith, and promiſe to bee obedient vnto the
will of God.
And that no man all thinke that any detriment all come to children
by deferring of their Confirmation, hee all know for trueth, that it is
certaine by Gods word, that children being baptized, haue all things
neceary for their ſaluation, and be vndoubtedly ſaued.
 A Catechisme, that is to ſay, an In-
ruction to bee learned of euery Childe,
before hee bee brought to bee Confirmed
by the Biop.
 Queion.
Hat i# your name?
 Anſwere.
 N. or M.
 Queion.
Who gaue you thi# name?
 Anſwere.
My Godfather# and Godmother# in my Baptisme, wherein
I wa# made a member of Christ, the childe of God, and an
inheritour of the Kingdome of heauen.
Queion.
What did your godfather# and godmother# then for you?
Anſwere.
They did promise, and vow three thing# in my name. First,
that I should forsake the deuill, and all hi# worke#, the
pompe# and vanitie# of the wicked world, and all the sinfull
lust# of the flesh. Secondly, that I should beleeue all the
Article# of the Christian Faith. And thirdly, that I should
keepe God# holy will and Commandement#, and walke in the
same all the daye# of my life.
Queion.
Doest thou not thinke that thou art bound to beleeue and to
doe a# they haue promised for thee?
Anſwere.
Ye# verely, and by God# helpe so I will. And I heartily
thanke our heauenly Father, that hee hath called mee to thi# 
state of saluation, through Jesu# Christ our Sauiour. And I
pray God to giue me hi# grace, that I may continue in the
