Ill you be diligent to frame and faƒhion your owne ƒelues,
and your families, acco°ding to the doctrine of Ch°i¥, and to make bothe youre ƒelues and them (as much as in you lieth) whol-
ƒome examples and ƒpectacles to the flocke of Ch°i¥?
Anſwere.
I will ƒo apply my ƒelfe, the Lo°d being my helper.
The Biſhop.
Ill you mainetaine and ƒet fo°wards (as much as lyeth in
you) quietnes, peace, and loue, among all Ch°i¥ian people, and ƒpecially among them that are, o° ƒhall be committed to your
charge?
Anſwere.
I will ƒo doe, the Lo°d being my helper.
The Biſhop.
Ill you reuerently obey your O°dinarie, and other chiefe
Mini¥ers, vnto whom the gouernment and charge is committed
ouer you, following with a glad minde and will, their godly admonition, and ƒubmitting your ƒelves to their godly iudgements?
Anſwere.
I will ƒo doe, the Lo°d being my helper.
Then ſhal the Biſhop ſay,
Lmightie God, who hath giuen you this will to doe all theƒe
things, grant alƒo vnto you ¥rength and power to perfo°me the ƒame, that he may accompliƒh his wo°ke which he hath begun in
you, untill the time hee shall come at the latter day, to iudge the
quicke and the dead.
After this, the Congregation ſhall bee deſired ſecretly in their prayers, to make
humble ſupplicacions to God for the foreſaid things : for the whiche prayers,
there ſhall be a certaine ſpace kept in ſilence.
That done, the Biſhop ſhall pray in this wiſe.
¶ Let us praye. Lmightie God and heauenly father, which of thy infinite
loue and goodne±e towards vs, ha¥ giuen to vs thy only & mo¥ deare beloued Son Jeƒus Ch°i¥, to be our
redemer and autho° of euerla¥ing life: who after he had
made perfecte our redempcion by his death, & was ascended into
heauen, ƒent ab°oad into the wo°ld his Apo¥les, P°ophets, EuangelW
W
W
A
i¥s, Doctours and Pa¥ours, by whoƒe labour and mini¥ery, hee
gathered together a greate flocke in all the parts of the wo°ld, to ƒet
fo°th the eternall praiƒe of thy holy Name. For theƒe ƒo great benefits
of thy eternall goodne±e, and fo° that thou ha¥ vouchƒafed to
call theƒe thy ƒeruaunts here preƒent, to the ƒame office and mini¥erie
of the ƒaluacion of mankinde; wee render vnto thee mo¥ hearty
thankes, we wo°ƒhip and p°aiƒe thee, and we humbly beƒeech thee, by
the ƒame thy Sonne, to grant vnto us all, which either here, o°
elƒewhere call upon thy Name, that wee may ƒhew our ƒelues
thankful to thee, fo° theƒe and all other thy benefits, & that we may
dayly increaƒe and goe fo°wards, in the knowledge and faith of thee
and thy Sonne, by the holy Spirit. So that as well by theƒe thy
Mini¥ers, as by them to whom they shall be appointed Mini¥ers,
thy holy Name may be alwayes glo°ified, and thy ble±ed kingdome
enlarged, th°ough the ƒame thy Sonne our Lo°de Jeƒus Ch°i¥, which liueth and reigneth with thee, in the unitie of the ƒame holy
Spirite, wo°ld without end. Amen.
