O Sonne of Dauid haue mercy vpon vs.
Both now and euer voucheƒafe to heare vs, O Chri¥.
Graciouſly heare vs, O Chri, Graciouſly heare vs, O Lord Chri.
The Verſicle.
O Lord let thy mercy be ƒhewed vpon vs.
The Anſwere.
As we doe put our tru± in thee. 
¶ Let vs pray. E humbly beƒeech thee, O father, mercifully to look vpon
our infirmities, and fo° the glo°y of thy Names ƒake, turne from vs all thoƒe euils that wee mo¥ righteouƒly haue deƒerued: and grant that in all our troubles we may put our whole tru¥ and
confidence in thy mercy, and euermo°e ƒerue thee in holine±e and
purene±e of liuing, to thy honour and glo°y, th°ough our onely
Mediatour and Aduocate Jeƒus Ch°i¥ our Lo°d. Amen.
Lmightie God, which ha¥ giuen vs grace at this time with one
acco°d to make our common ƒupplications vnto the, and doe¥
p°omiƒe that when two o° th°ee bee gathered together in thy Name,
thou wilt grant their reque¥s: fulfill now, O Lord, the deƒires and
petitions of thy ƒeruants, as may be mo¥ expedient fo° them,
granting vs in this wo°ld, knowledge of thy truth, and in the wo°ld
to come life euerla¥ing. Amen.
¶ Then ſhall bee ſaid alſo this that followeth.
Lmighty God, which by thy diuine p°ouidence, ha¥
appointed diuers o°ders of Mini¥ers in the Church,
and didde¥ inƒpire thine holy Apo¥les to chuƒe vnto
this o°der of Deacons, the fir¥ Marty° S. Stephen,
with other: mercifully behold theƒe thy ƒeruants, now called to the like office and admini¥ration; repleniƒhe them ƒo
with the trueth of thy doctrine, and innocency of life, that, both by
wo°d and good example, they may faithfully ƒerue thee in this office,
to the glo°y of thy Name, and p°ofite of the Congregation,
th°ough the merits of our Sauiour Jeƒu Chri¥, who liueth and
reigneth with thee and the holy Gho¥, now and for ever. Amen.
Then ſhall be ſung or ſaid the Communion of the day, ſauing the Epile ſhall
be read out of Timothie, as followeth.
Ikewiƒe mu¥ the Mini¥ers be hone¥, not double tongued,
not giuen vnto much wine, neither greedy of filthy lucre,
but holding the my¥ery of the faith, with a pure conƒci- ence: and let them fir¥ be p°ooued, and then let them mini¥er, ƒo
that no man be able to rep°oue them. Even ƒo mu¥ their wiues be
hone¥, not euil ƒpeakers, but ƒober and faithfull in all things. Let
the Deacons be the huƒbands of one wife, and ƒuche as rule their
child°en well, and their owne houƒholds: Fo° they that mini¥er
W
A
well, get themƒelves a good degree, and a great liberty in the faith, which is in Chri¥ Jeƒu.
 Theƒe things write I vnto thee tru¥ing to come ƒho°tly vnto thee;
but and if I tarry long, that then thou maye¥ yet haue knowledge, how thou oughte¥ to behaue thy ƒelf in the houƒe of God, which is
the congregation of the living God, the pillar and ground of truth.
And without doubt, great is that my¥ery of godlyne±e. God was
ƒhewed in the fleƒh, was iu¥ified in the ƒpirit, was seene among the
Angels, was p°eached vnto the Gentiles, was beleeued on in the
wo°ld, and receiued up in glory.
Or elſe this out of the ſixth of
