The woman all anſwere,
I will.
Then all the Minier ſay,
Who giueth thi# woman to be married to thi# man?
¶ And the Minier receiuing the woman at her fathers or friendes hands,
all cauſe the man to take the woman by the right hand, and ſo either to
giue their troth to other, the man fir ſaying.
I N. take thee N. to my wedded wife, to haue and to hold
from thi# day forward, for better for worse, for richer for
poorer, in sickenesse and in health, to loue and to cherish, till
death v# depart, according to God# holy ordinance, and therto
I plight thee my troth.
¶ Then all they looſe their hands, and the woman taking againe the man
by the right hand, all ſay.
I N. take thee N. to my wedded husband, to haue and to
hold from thi# day forward, for better for worse, for richer for
poorer, in sickenesse and in health, to loue, cherish, and to
obey, till death v# depart, according to God# holy ordinance,
and thereto I giue thee my troth.
¶ Then all they againe looſe their hands, and the man all giue vnto the
woman a Ring, laying the ſame vpon the booke, with the accuomed
duety to the Prie and Clerke. And the Prie taking the Ring, all
deliuer it vnto the man, to put it vpon the fourth finger of the womans
left hand. And the man taught by the Prie, all ſay.
With this Ring I thee wed, with my body I thee worship, and
with all my worldly good#, I thee endow: In the Name of
the Father, and of the Sonne, and of the holy Ghost. Amen.
¶ Then the man leauing the Ring vpon the fourth finger of the womans left
hand, the Minier all ſay,
Eternall God, creatour and preseruer of all mankind,
giuer of all spirituall grace, the authour of
euerlasting life, send thy blessing vpon these thy
seruaunt#, thi# man and thi# woman, whom wee
blesse in thy Name, that a# Isaac and Rebecca
liued faithfully together, so these person# may surely performe
and keepe the vow and couenant betwixt them made (wherof
this Ring giuen, and receiued, i# a token and pledge) and may
euer remain in perfect loue and peace together, and liue 
according vnto thy Law#, thorough Jesu# Christ our Lord.
Amen.
¶ Then all the Prie ioyne their right hands together and ſay.
Those whom God hath ioyned together, let no man put
asunder.
¶ Then all the Minier ſpeak vnto the people.
Orasmuch a# N. and N. haue consented together in
holy wedlocke, and haue witnessed the same before
God, and thi# company, and therto haue giuen and
pledged their troth either to other, and haue declared
the same by geuing and receiuing of a Ring, and by
ioyning of hand#: I pronounce that they be man and wife
