Joshua 19:30	Ummah also, and Aphek, and Rehob: twenty and two cities with their villages.
Joshua 19:31	This is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of Asher according to their families, these cities with their villages.
Joshua 19:32	The sixth lot came out to the children of Naphtali, even for the children of Naphtali according to their families.
Joshua 19:33	And their coast was from Heleph, from Allon to Zaanannim, and Adami, Nekeb, and Jabneel, unto Lakum; and the outgoings thereof were at Jordan:
Joshua 19:34	And then the coast turneth westward to Aznothtabor, and goeth out from thence to Hukkok, and reacheth to Zebulun on the south side, and reacheth to Asher on the west side, and to Judah upon Jordan toward the sunrising.
Joshua 19:35	And the fenced cities are Ziddim, Zer, and Hammath, Rakkath, and Chinnereth,
Joshua 19:36	And Adamah, and Ramah, and Hazor,
Joshua 19:37	And Kedesh, and Edrei, and Enhazor,
Joshua 19:38	And Iron, and Migdalel, Horem, and Bethanath, and Bethshemesh; nineteen cities with their villages.
Joshua 19:39	This is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of Naphtali according to their families, the cities and their villages.
Joshua 19:40	And the seventh lot came out for the tribe of the children of Dan according to their families.
Joshua 19:41	And the coast of their inheritance was Zorah, and Eshtaol, and Irshemesh,
Joshua 19:42	And Shaalabbin, and Ajalon, and Jethlah,
Joshua 19:43	And Elon, and Thimnathah, and Ekron,
Joshua 19:44	And Eltekeh, and Gibbethon, and Baalath,
Joshua 19:45	And Jehud, and Beneberak, and Gathrimmon,
Joshua 19:46	And Mejarkon, and Rakkon, with the border before Japho.
Joshua 19:47	And the coast of the children of Dan went out too little for them: therefore the children of Dan went up to fight against Leshem, and took it, and smote it with the edge of the sword, and possessed it, and dwelt therein, and called Leshem, Dan, after the name of Dan their father.
Joshua 19:48	This is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of Dan according to their families, these cities with their villages.
Joshua 19:49	When they had made an end of dividing the land for inheritance by their coasts, the children of Israel gave an inheritance to Joshua the son of Nun among them:
Joshua 19:50	According to the word of the LORD they gave him the city which he asked, even Timnathserah in mount Ephraim: and he built the city, and dwelt therein.
Joshua 19:51	These are the inheritances, which Eleazar the priest, and Joshua the son of Nun, and the heads of the fathers of the tribes of the children of Israel, divided for an inheritance by lot in Shiloh before the LORD, at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation. So they made an end of dividing the country.
Joshua 20:1	The LORD also spake unto Joshua, saying,
Joshua 20:2	Speak to the children of Israel, saying, Appoint out for you cities of refuge, whereof I spake unto you by the hand of Moses:
Joshua 20:3	That the slayer that killeth any person unawares and unwittingly may flee thither: and they shall be your refuge from the avenger of blood.
Joshua 20:4	And when he that doth flee unto one of those cities shall stand at the entering of the gate of the city, and shall declare his cause in the ears of the elders of that city, they shall take him into the city unto them, and give him a place, that he may dwell among them.
Joshua 20:5	And if the avenger of blood pursue after him, then they shall not deliver the slayer up into his hand; because he smote his neighbor unwittingly, and hated him not beforetime.
Joshua 20:6	And he shall dwell in that city, until he stand before the congregation for judgment, and until the death of the high priest that shall be in those days: then shall the slayer return, and come unto his own city, and unto his own house, unto the city from whence he fled.
Joshua 20:7	And they appointed Kedesh in Galilee in mount Naphtali, and Shechem in mount Ephraim, and Kirjatharba, which is Hebron, in the mountain of Judah.
Joshua 20:8	And on the other side Jordan by Jericho eastward, they assigned Bezer in the wilderness upon the plain out of the tribe of Reuben, and Ramoth in Gilead out of the tribe of Gad, and Golan in Bashan out of the tribe of Manasseh.
Joshua 20:9	These were the cities appointed for all the children of Israel, and for the stranger that sojourneth among them, that whosoever killeth any person at unawares might flee thither, and not die by the hand of the avenger of blood, until he stood before the congregation.
Joshua 21:1	Then came near the heads of the fathers of the Levites unto Eleazar the priest, and unto Joshua the son of Nun, and unto the heads of the fathers of the tribes of the children of Israel;
Joshua 21:2	And they spake unto them at Shiloh in the land of Canaan, saying, The LORD commanded by the hand of Moses to give us cities to dwell in, with the suburbs thereof for our cattle.
Joshua 21:3	And the children of Israel gave unto the Levites out of their inheritance, at the commandment of the LORD, these cities and their suburbs.
Joshua 21:4	And the lot came out for the families of the Kohathites: and the children of Aaron the priest, which were of the Levites, had by lot out of the tribe of Judah, and out of the tribe of Simeon, and out of the tribe of Benjamin, thirteen cities.
Joshua 21:5	And the rest of the children of Kohath had by lot out of the families of the tribe of Ephraim, and out of the tribe of Dan, and out of the half tribe of Manasseh, ten cities.
Joshua 21:6	And the children of Gershon had by lot out of the families of the tribe of Issachar, and out of the tribe of Asher, and out of the tribe of Naphtali, and out of the half tribe of Manasseh in Bashan, thirteen cities.
Joshua 21:7	The children of Merari by their families had out of the tribe of Reuben, and out of the tribe of Gad, and out of the tribe of Zebulun, twelve cities.
Joshua 21:8	And the children of Israel gave by lot unto the Levites these cities with their suburbs, as the LORD commanded by the hand of Moses.
Joshua 21:9	And they gave out of the tribe of the children of Judah, and out of the tribe of the children of Simeon, these cities which are here mentioned by name.
Joshua 21:10	Which the children of Aaron, being of the families of the Kohathites, who were of the children of Levi, had: for theirs was the first lot.
Joshua 21:11	And they gave them the city of Arba the father of Anak, which city is Hebron, in the hill country of Judah, with the suburbs thereof round about it.
Joshua 21:12	But the fields of the city, and the villages thereof, gave they to Caleb the son of Jephunneh for his possession.
Joshua 21:13	Thus they gave to the children of Aaron the priest Hebron with her suburbs, to be a city of refuge for the slayer; and Libnah with her suburbs,
Joshua 21:14	And Jattir with her suburbs, and Eshtemoa with her suburbs,
Joshua 21:15	And Holon with her suburbs, and Debir with her suburbs,
Joshua 21:16	And Ain with her suburbs, and Juttah with her suburbs, and Bethshemesh with her suburbs; nine cities out of those two tribes.
Joshua 21:17	And out of the tribe of Benjamin, Gibeon with her suburbs, Geba with her suburbs,
Joshua 21:18	Anathoth with her suburbs, and Almon with her suburbs; four cities.
Joshua 21:19	All the cities of the children of Aaron, the priests, were thirteen cities with their suburbs.
