1 Chronicles 9:36	And his firstborn son Abdon, then Zur, and Kish, and Baal, and Ner, and Nadab.
1 Chronicles 9:37	And Gedor, and Ahio, and Zechariah, and Mikloth.
1 Chronicles 9:38	And Mikloth begat Shimeam. And they also dwelt with their brethren at Jerusalem, over against their brethren.
1 Chronicles 9:39	And Ner begat Kish; and Kish begat Saul; and Saul begat Jonathan, and Malchishua, and Abinadab, and Eshbaal.
1 Chronicles 9:40	And the son of Jonathan was Meribbaal: and Meribbaal begat Micah.
1 Chronicles 9:41	And the sons of Micah were, Pithon, and Melech, and Tahrea, and Ahaz.
1 Chronicles 9:42	And Ahaz begat Jarah; and Jarah begat Alemeth, and Azmaveth, and Zimri; and Zimri begat Moza;
1 Chronicles 9:43	And Moza begat Binea; and Rephaiah his son, Eleasah his son, Azel his son.
1 Chronicles 9:44	And Azel had six sons, whose names are these, Azrikam, Bocheru, and Ishmael, and Sheariah, and Obadiah, and Hanan: these were the sons of Azel.
1 Chronicles 10:1	Now the Philistines fought against Israel; and the men of Israel fled from before the Philistines, and fell down slain in mount Gilboa.
1 Chronicles 10:2	And the Philistines followed hard after Saul, and after his sons; and the Philistines slew Jonathan, and Abinadab, and Malchishua, the sons of Saul.
1 Chronicles 10:3	And the battle went sore against Saul, and the archers hit him, and he was wounded of the archers.
1 Chronicles 10:4	Then said Saul to his armourbearer, Draw thy sword, and thrust me through therewith; lest these uncircumcised come and abuse me. But his armourbearer would not; for he was sore afraid. So Saul took a sword, and fell upon it.
1 Chronicles 10:5	And when his armourbearer saw that Saul was dead, he fell likewise on the sword, and died.
1 Chronicles 10:6	So Saul died, and his three sons, and all his house died together.
1 Chronicles 10:7	And when all the men of Israel that were in the valley saw that they fled, and that Saul and his sons were dead, then they forsook their cities, and fled: and the Philistines came and dwelt in them.
1 Chronicles 10:8	And it came to pass on the morrow, when the Philistines came to strip the slain, that they found Saul and his sons fallen in mount Gilboa.
1 Chronicles 10:9	And when they had stripped him, they took his head, and his armor, and sent into the land of the Philistines round about, to carry tidings unto their idols, and to the people.
1 Chronicles 10:10	And they put his armor in the house of their gods, and fastened his head in the temple of Dagon.
1 Chronicles 10:11	And when all Jabeshgilead heard all that the Philistines had done to Saul,
1 Chronicles 10:12	They arose, all the valiant men, and took away the body of Saul, and the bodies of his sons, and brought them to Jabesh, and buried their bones under the oak in Jabesh, and fasted seven days.
1 Chronicles 10:13	So Saul died for his transgression which he committed against the LORD, even against the word of the LORD, which he kept not, and also for asking counsel of one that had a familiar spirit, to enquire of it;
1 Chronicles 10:14	And inquired not of the LORD: therefore he slew him, and turned the kingdom unto David the son of Jesse.
1 Chronicles 11:1	Then all Israel gathered themselves to David unto Hebron, saying, Behold, we are thy bone and thy flesh.
1 Chronicles 11:2	And moreover in time past, even when Saul was king, thou wast he that leddest out and broughtest in Israel: and the LORD thy God said unto thee, Thou shalt feed my people Israel, and thou shalt be ruler over my people Israel.
1 Chronicles 11:3	Therefore came all the elders of Israel to the king to Hebron; and David made a covenant with them in Hebron before the LORD; and they anointed David king over Israel, according to the word of the LORD by Samuel.
1 Chronicles 11:4	And David and all Israel went to Jerusalem, which is Jebus; where the Jebusites were, the inhabitants of the land.
1 Chronicles 11:5	And the inhabitants of Jebus said to David, Thou shalt not come hither. Nevertheless David took the castle of Zion, which is the city of David.
1 Chronicles 11:6	And David said, Whosoever smiteth the Jebusites first shall be chief and captain. So Joab the son of Zeruiah went first up, and was chief.
1 Chronicles 11:7	And David dwelt in the castle; therefore they called it the city of David.
1 Chronicles 11:8	And he built the city round about, even from Millo round about: and Joab repaired the rest of the city.
1 Chronicles 11:9	So David waxed greater and greater: for the LORD of hosts was with him.
1 Chronicles 11:10	These also are the chief of the mighty men whom David had, who strengthened themselves with him in his kingdom, and with all Israel, to make him king, according to the word of the LORD concerning Israel.
1 Chronicles 11:11	And this is the number of the mighty men whom David had; Jashobeam, an Hachmonite, the chief of the captains: he lifted up his spear against three hundred slain by him at one time.
1 Chronicles 11:12	And after him was Eleazar the son of Dodo, the Ahohite, who was one of the three mighties.
1 Chronicles 11:13	He was with David at Pasdammim, and there the Philistines were gathered together to battle, where was a parcel of ground full of barley; and the people fled from before the Philistines.
1 Chronicles 11:14	And they set themselves in the midst of that parcel, and delivered it, and slew the Philistines; and the LORD saved them by a great deliverance.
1 Chronicles 11:15	Now three of the thirty captains went down to the rock to David, into the cave of Adullam; and the host of the Philistines encamped in the valley of Rephaim.
1 Chronicles 11:16	And David was then in the hold, and the Philistines' garrison was then at Bethlehem.
1 Chronicles 11:17	And David longed, and said, Oh that one would give me drink of the water of the well of Bethlehem, that is at the gate!
1 Chronicles 11:18	And the three brake through the host of the Philistines, and drew water out of the well of Bethlehem, that was by the gate, and took it, and brought it to David: but David would not drink of it, but poured it out to the LORD.
1 Chronicles 11:19	And said, My God forbid it me, that I should do this thing: shall I drink the blood of these men that have put their lives in jeopardy? for with the jeopardy of their lives they brought it. Therefore he would not drink it. These things did these three mightiest.
1 Chronicles 11:20	And Abishai the brother of Joab, he was chief of the three: for lifting up his spear against three hundred, he slew them, and had a name among the three.
1 Chronicles 11:21	Of the three, he was more honorable than the two; for he was their captain: howbeit he attained not to the first three.
1 Chronicles 11:22	Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, the son of a valiant man of Kabzeel, who had done many acts; he slew two lionlike men of Moab: also he went down and slew a lion in a pit in a snowy day.
1 Chronicles 11:23	And he slew an Egyptian, a man of great stature, five cubits high; and in the Egyptian's hand was a spear like a weaver's beam; and he went down to him with a staff, and plucked the spear out of the Egyptian's hand, and slew him with his own spear.
1 Chronicles 11:24	These things did Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, and had the name among the three mighties.
1 Chronicles 11:25	Behold, he was honorable among the thirty, but attained not to the first three: and David set him over his guard.
1 Chronicles 11:26	Also the valiant men of the armies were, Asahel the brother of Joab, Elhanan the son of Dodo of Bethlehem,
1 Chronicles 11:27	Shammoth the Harorite, Helez the Pelonite,
