Psalms 7:6	Arise, O LORD, in thine anger, lift up thyself because of the rage of mine enemies: and awake for me to the judgment that thou hast commanded.
Psalms 7:7	So shall the congregation of the people compass thee about: for their sakes therefore return thou on high.
Psalms 7:8	The LORD shall judge the people: judge me, O LORD, according to my righteousness, and according to mine integrity that is in me.
Psalms 7:9	Oh let the wickedness of the wicked come to an end; but establish the just: for the righteous God trieth the hearts and reins.
Psalms 7:10	My defence is of God, which saveth the upright in heart.
Psalms 7:11	God judgeth the righteous, and God is angry with the wicked every day.
Psalms 7:12	If he turn not, he will whet his sword; he hath bent his bow, and made it ready.
Psalms 7:13	He hath also prepared for him the instruments of death; he ordaineth his arrows against the persecutors.
Psalms 7:14	Behold, he travaileth with iniquity, and hath conceived mischief, and brought forth falsehood.
Psalms 7:15	He made a pit, and digged it, and is fallen into the ditch which he made.
Psalms 7:16	His mischief shall return upon his own head, and his violent dealing shall come down upon his own pate.
Psalms 7:17	I will praise the LORD according to his righteousness: and will sing praise to the name of the LORD most high.
Psalms 8:1	O LORD, our Lord, how excellent is thy name in all the earth! who hast set thy glory above the heavens.
Psalms 8:2	Out of the mouth of babes and sucklings hast thou ordained strength because of thine enemies, that thou mightest still the enemy and the avenger.
Psalms 8:3	When I consider thy heavens, the work of thy fingers, the moon and the stars, which thou hast ordained;
Psalms 8:4	What is man, that thou art mindful of him? and the son of man, that thou visitest him?
Psalms 8:5	For thou hast made him a little lower than the angels, and hast crowned him with glory and honour.
Psalms 8:6	Thou madest him to have dominion over the works of thy hands; thou hast put all things under his feet:
Psalms 8:7	All sheep and oxen, yea, and the beasts of the field;
Psalms 8:8	The fowl of the air, and the fish of the sea, and whatsoever passeth through the paths of the seas.
Psalms 8:9	O LORD our Lord, how excellent is thy name in all the earth!
Psalms 9:1	I will praise thee, O LORD, with my whole heart; I will shew forth all thy marvellous works.
Psalms 9:2	I will be glad and rejoice in thee: I will sing praise to thy name, O thou most High.
Psalms 9:3	When mine enemies are turned back, they shall fall and perish at thy presence.
Psalms 9:4	For thou hast maintained my right and my cause; thou satest in the throne judging right.
Psalms 9:5	Thou hast rebuked the heathen, thou hast destroyed the wicked, thou hast put out their name for ever and ever.
Psalms 9:6	O thou enemy, destructions are come to a perpetual end: and thou hast destroyed cities; their memorial is perished with them.
Psalms 9:7	But the LORD shall endure for ever: he hath prepared his throne for judgment.
Psalms 9:8	And he shall judge the world in righteousness, he shall minister judgment to the people in uprightness.
Psalms 9:9	The LORD also will be a refuge for the oppressed, a refuge in times of trouble.
Psalms 9:10	And they that know thy name will put their trust in thee: for thou, LORD, hast not forsaken them that seek thee.
Psalms 9:11	Sing praises to the LORD, which dwelleth in Zion: declare among the people his doings.
Psalms 9:12	When he maketh inquisition for blood, he remembereth them: he forgetteth not the cry of the humble.
Psalms 9:13	Have mercy upon me, O LORD; consider my trouble which I suffer of them that hate me, thou that liftest me up from the gates of death:
Psalms 9:14	That I may shew forth all thy praise in the gates of the daughter of Zion: I will rejoice in thy salvation.
Psalms 9:15	The heathen are sunk down in the pit that they made: in the net which they hid is their own foot taken.
Psalms 9:16	The LORD is known by the judgment which he executeth: the wicked is snared in the work of his own hands. Higgaion. Selah.
Psalms 9:17	The wicked shall be turned into hell, and all the nations that forget God.
Psalms 9:18	For the needy shall not alway be forgotten: the expectation of the poor shall not perish for ever.
Psalms 9:19	Arise, O LORD; let not man prevail: let the heathen be judged in thy sight.
Psalms 9:20	Put them in fear, O LORD: that the nations may know themselves to be but men. Selah.
Psalms 10:1	Why standest thou afar off, O LORD? why hidest thou thyself in times of trouble?
Psalms 10:2	The wicked in his pride doth persecute the poor: let them be taken in the devices that they have imagined.
Psalms 10:3	For the wicked boasteth of his heart's desire, and blesseth the covetous, whom the LORD abhorreth.
Psalms 10:4	The wicked, through the pride of his countenance, will not seek after God: God is not in all his thoughts.
Psalms 10:5	His ways are always grievous; thy judgments are far above out of his sight: as for all his enemies, he puffeth at them.
Psalms 10:6	He hath said in his heart, I shall not be moved: for I shall never be in adversity.
Psalms 10:7	His mouth is full of cursing and deceit and fraud: under his tongue is mischief and vanity.
Psalms 10:8	He sitteth in the lurking places of the villages: in the secret places doth he murder the innocent: his eyes are privily set against the poor.
Psalms 10:9	He lieth in wait secretly as a lion in his den: he lieth in wait to catch the poor: he doth catch the poor, when he draweth him into his net.
