Psalms 55:19	God shall hear, and afflict them, even he that abideth of old. Selah. Because they have no changes, therefore they fear not God.
Psalms 55:20	He hath put forth his hands against such as be at peace with him: he hath broken his covenant.
Psalms 55:21	The words of his mouth were smoother than butter, but war was in his heart: his words were softer than oil, yet were they drawn swords.
Psalms 55:22	Cast thy burden upon the LORD, and he shall sustain thee: he shall never suffer the righteous to be moved.
Psalms 55:23	But thou, O God, shalt bring them down into the pit of destruction: bloody and deceitful men shall not live out half their days; but I will trust in thee.
Psalms 56:1	Be merciful unto me, O God: for man would swallow me up; he fighting daily oppresseth me.
Psalms 56:2	Mine enemies would daily swallow me up: for they be many that fight against me, O thou most High.
Psalms 56:3	What time I am afraid, I will trust in thee.
Psalms 56:4	In God I will praise his word, in God I have put my trust; I will not fear what flesh can do unto me.
Psalms 56:5	Every day they wrest my words: all their thoughts are against me for evil.
Psalms 56:6	They gather themselves together, they hide themselves, they mark my steps, when they wait for my soul.
Psalms 56:7	Shall they escape by iniquity? in thine anger cast down the people, O God.
Psalms 56:8	Thou tellest my wanderings: put thou my tears into thy bottle: are they not in thy book?
Psalms 56:9	When I cry unto thee, then shall mine enemies turn back: this I know; for God is for me.
Psalms 56:10	In God will I praise his word: in the LORD will I praise his word.
Psalms 56:11	In God have I put my trust: I will not be afraid what man can do unto me.
Psalms 56:12	Thy vows are upon me, O God: I will render praises unto thee.
Psalms 56:13	For thou hast delivered my soul from death: wilt not thou deliver my feet from falling, that I may walk before God in the light of the living?
Psalms 57:1	Be merciful unto me, O God, be merciful unto me: for my soul trusteth in thee: yea, in the shadow of thy wings will I make my refuge, until these calamities be overpast.
Psalms 57:2	I will cry unto God most high; unto God that performeth all things for me.
Psalms 57:3	He shall send from heaven, and save me from the reproach of him that would swallow me up. Selah. God shall send forth his mercy and his truth.
Psalms 57:4	My soul is among lions: and I lie even among them that are set on fire, even the sons of men, whose teeth are spears and arrows, and their tongue a sharp sword.
Psalms 57:5	Be thou exalted, O God, above the heavens; let thy glory be above all the earth.
Psalms 57:6	They have prepared a net for my steps; my soul is bowed down: they have digged a pit before me, into the midst whereof they are fallen themselves. Selah.
Psalms 57:7	My heart is fixed, O God, my heart is fixed: I will sing and give praise.
Psalms 57:8	Awake up, my glory; awake, psaltery and harp: I myself will awake early.
Psalms 57:9	I will praise thee, O Lord, among the people: I will sing unto thee among the nations.
Psalms 57:10	For thy mercy is great unto the heavens, and thy truth unto the clouds.
Psalms 57:11	Be thou exalted, O God, above the heavens: let thy glory be above all the earth.
Psalms 58:1	Do ye indeed speak righteousness, O congregation? do ye judge uprightly, O ye sons of men?
Psalms 58:2	Yea, in heart ye work wickedness; ye weigh the violence of your hands in the earth.
Psalms 58:3	The wicked are estranged from the womb: they go astray as soon as they be born, speaking lies.
Psalms 58:4	Their poison is like the poison of a serpent: they are like the deaf adder that stoppeth her ear;
Psalms 58:5	Which will not hearken to the voice of charmers, charming never so wisely.
Psalms 58:6	Break their teeth, O God, in their mouth: break out the great teeth of the young lions, O LORD.
Psalms 58:7	Let them melt away as waters which run continually: when he bendeth his bow to shoot his arrows, let them be as cut in pieces.
Psalms 58:8	As a snail which melteth, let every one of them pass away: like the untimely birth of a woman, that they may not see the sun.
Psalms 58:9	Before your pots can feel the thorns, he shall take them away as with a whirlwind, both living, and in his wrath.
Psalms 58:10	The righteous shall rejoice when he seeth the vengeance: he shall wash his feet in the blood of the wicked.
Psalms 58:11	So that a man shall say, Verily there is a reward for the righteous: verily he is a God that judgeth in the earth.
Psalms 59:1	Deliver me from mine enemies, O my God: defend me from them that rise up against me.
Psalms 59:2	Deliver me from the workers of iniquity, and save me from bloody men.
Psalms 59:3	For, lo, they lie in wait for my soul: the mighty are gathered against me; not for my transgression, nor for my sin, O LORD.
Psalms 59:4	They run and prepare themselves without my fault: awake to help me, and behold.
Psalms 59:5	Thou therefore, O LORD God of hosts, the God of Israel, awake to visit all the heathen: be not merciful to any wicked transgressors. Selah.
Psalms 59:6	They return at evening: they make a noise like a dog, and go round about the city.
Psalms 59:7	Behold, they belch out with their mouth: swords are in their lips: for who, say they, doth hear?
Psalms 59:8	But thou, O LORD, shalt laugh at them; thou shalt have all the heathen in derision.
Psalms 59:9	Because of his strength will I wait upon thee: for God is my defence.
Psalms 59:10	The God of my mercy shall prevent me: God shall let me see my desire upon mine enemies.
