2 Chronicles 10:6	And king Rehoboam took counsel with the old men that had stood before Solomon his father while he yet lived, saying, What counsel give ye me to return answer to this people?
2 Chronicles 10:7	And they spake unto him, saying, If thou be kind to this people, and please them, and speak good words to them, they will be thy servants for ever.
2 Chronicles 10:8	But he forsook the counsel which the old men gave him, and took counsel with the young men that were brought up with him, that stood before him.
2 Chronicles 10:9	And he said unto them, What advice give ye that we may return answer to this people, which have spoken to me, saying, Ease somewhat the yoke that thy father did put upon us?
2 Chronicles 10:10	And the young men that were brought up with him spake unto him, saying, Thus shalt thou answer the people that spake unto thee, saying, Thy father made our yoke heavy, but make thou it somewhat lighter for us; thus shalt thou say unto them, My little finger shall be thicker than my father's loins.
2 Chronicles 10:11	For whereas my father put a heavy yoke upon you, I will put more to your yoke: my father chastised you with whips, but I will chastise you with scorpions.
2 Chronicles 10:12	So Jeroboam and all the people came to Rehoboam on the third day, as the king bade, saying, Come again to me on the third day.
2 Chronicles 10:13	And the king answered them roughly; and king Rehoboam forsook the counsel of the old men,
2 Chronicles 10:14	And answered them after the advice of the young men, saying, My father made your yoke heavy, but I will add thereto: my father chastised you with whips, but I will chastise you with scorpions.
2 Chronicles 10:15	So the king hearkened not unto the people: for the cause was of God, that the LORD might perform his word, which he spake by the hand of Ahijah the Shilonite to Jeroboam the son of Nebat.
2 Chronicles 10:16	And when all Israel saw that the king would not hearken unto them, the people answered the king, saying, What portion have we in David? and we have none inheritance in the son of Jesse: every man to your tents, O Israel: and now, David, see to thine own house. So all Israel went to their tents.
2 Chronicles 10:17	But as for the children of Israel that dwelt in the cities of Judah, Rehoboam reigned over them.
2 Chronicles 10:18	Then king Rehoboam sent Hadoram that was over the tribute; and the children of Israel stoned him with stones, that he died. But king Rehoboam made speed to get him up to his chariot, to flee to Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 10:19	And Israel rebelled against the house of David unto this day.
2 Chronicles 11:1	And when Rehoboam was come to Jerusalem, he gathered of the house of Judah and Benjamin an hundred and fourscore thousand chosen men, which were warriors, to fight against Israel, that he might bring the kingdom again to Rehoboam.
2 Chronicles 11:2	But the word of the LORD came to Shemaiah the man of God, saying,
2 Chronicles 11:3	Speak unto Rehoboam the son of Solomon, king of Judah, and to all Israel in Judah and Benjamin, saying,
2 Chronicles 11:4	Thus saith the LORD, Ye shall not go up, nor fight against your brethren: return every man to his house: for this thing is done of me. And they obeyed the words of the LORD, and returned from going against Jeroboam.
2 Chronicles 11:5	And Rehoboam dwelt in Jerusalem, and built cities for defense in Judah.
2 Chronicles 11:6	He built even Bethlehem, and Etam, and Tekoa,
2 Chronicles 11:7	And Bethzur, and Shoco, and Adullam,
2 Chronicles 11:8	And Gath, and Mareshah, and Ziph,
2 Chronicles 11:9	And Adoraim, and Lachish, and Azekah,
2 Chronicles 11:10	And Zorah, and Aijalon, and Hebron, which are in Judah and in Benjamin fenced cities.
2 Chronicles 11:11	And he fortified the strong holds, and put captains in them, and store of victual, and of oil and wine.
2 Chronicles 11:12	And in every several city he put shields and spears, and made them exceeding strong, having Judah and Benjamin on his side.
2 Chronicles 11:13	And the priests and the Levites that were in all Israel resorted to him out of all their coasts.
2 Chronicles 11:14	For the Levites left their suburbs and their possession, and came to Judah and Jerusalem: for Jeroboam and his sons had cast them off from executing the priest's office unto the LORD:
2 Chronicles 11:15	And he ordained him priests for the high places, and for the devils, and for the calves which he had made.
2 Chronicles 11:16	And after them out of all the tribes of Israel such as set their hearts to seek the LORD God of Israel came to Jerusalem, to sacrifice unto the LORD God of their fathers.
2 Chronicles 11:17	So they strengthened the kingdom of Judah, and made Rehoboam the son of Solomon strong, three years: for three years they walked in the way of David and Solomon.
2 Chronicles 11:18	And Rehoboam took him Mahalath the daughter of Jerimoth the son of David to wife, and Abihail the daughter of Eliab the son of Jesse;
2 Chronicles 11:19	Which bare him children; Jeush, and Shamariah, and Zaham.
2 Chronicles 11:20	And after her he took Maachah the daughter of Absalom; which bare him Abijah, and Attai, and Ziza, and Shelomith.
2 Chronicles 11:21	And Rehoboam loved Maachah the daughter of Absalom above all his wives and his concubines: (for he took eighteen wives, and threescore concubines; and begat twenty and eight sons, and threescore daughters.)
2 Chronicles 11:22	And Rehoboam made Abijah the son of Maachah the chief, to be ruler among his brethren: for he thought to make him king.
2 Chronicles 11:23	And he dealt wisely, and dispersed of all his children throughout all the countries of Judah and Benjamin, unto every fenced city: and he gave them victual in abundance. And he desired many wives.
2 Chronicles 12:1	And it came to pass, when Rehoboam had established the kingdom, and had strengthened himself, he forsook the law of the LORD, and all Israel with him.
2 Chronicles 12:2	And it came to pass, that in the fifth year of king Rehoboam Shishak king of Egypt came up against Jerusalem, because they had transgressed against the LORD,
2 Chronicles 12:3	With twelve hundred chariots, and threescore thousand horsemen: and the people were without number that came with him out of Egypt; the Lubims, the Sukkiims, and the Ethiopians.
2 Chronicles 12:4	And he took the fenced cities which pertained to Judah, and came to Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 12:5	Then came Shemaiah the prophet to Rehoboam, and to the princes of Judah, that were gathered together to Jerusalem because of Shishak, and said unto them, Thus saith the LORD, Ye have forsaken me, and therefore have I also left you in the hand of Shishak.
2 Chronicles 12:6	Whereupon the princes of Israel and the king humbled themselves; and they said, The LORD is righteous.
2 Chronicles 12:7	And when the LORD saw that they humbled themselves, the word of the LORD came to Shemaiah, saying, They have humbled themselves; therefore I will not destroy them, but I will grant them some deliverance; and my wrath shall not be poured out upon Jerusalem by the hand of Shishak.
2 Chronicles 12:8	Nevertheless they shall be his servants; that they may know my service, and the service of the kingdoms of the countries.
2 Chronicles 12:9	So Shishak king of Egypt came up against Jerusalem, and took away the treasures of the house of the LORD, and the treasures of the king's house; he took all: he carried away also the shields of gold which Solomon had made.
2 Chronicles 12:10	Instead of which king Rehoboam made shields of brass, and committed them to the hands of the chief of the guard, that kept the entrance of the king's house.
2 Chronicles 12:11	And when the king entered into the house of the LORD, the guard came and fetched them, and brought them again into the guard chamber.
2 Chronicles 12:12	And when he humbled himself, the wrath of the LORD turned from him, that he would not destroy him altogether: and also in Judah things went well.
2 Chronicles 12:13	So king Rehoboam strengthened himself in Jerusalem, and reigned: for Rehoboam was one and forty years old when he began to reign, and he reigned seventeen years in Jerusalem, the city which the LORD had chosen out of all the tribes of Israel, to put his name there. And his mother's name was Naamah an Ammonitess.
