Psalms 64:1	Hear my voice, O God, in my prayer: preserve my life from fear of the enemy.
Psalms 64:2	Hide me from the secret counsel of the wicked; from the insurrection of the workers of iniquity:
Psalms 64:3	Who whet their tongue like a sword, and bend their bows to shoot their arrows, even bitter words:
Psalms 64:4	That they may shoot in secret at the perfect: suddenly do they shoot at him, and fear not.
Psalms 64:5	They encourage themselves in an evil matter: they commune of laying snares privily; they say, Who shall see them?
Psalms 64:6	They search out iniquities; they accomplish a diligent search: both the inward thought of every one of them, and the heart, is deep.
Psalms 64:7	But God shall shoot at them with an arrow; suddenly shall they be wounded.
Psalms 64:8	So they shall make their own tongue to fall upon themselves: all that see them shall flee away.
Psalms 64:9	And all men shall fear, and shall declare the work of God; for they shall wisely consider of his doing.
Psalms 64:10	The righteous shall be glad in the LORD, and shall trust in him; and all the upright in heart shall glory.
Psalms 65:1	Praise waiteth for thee, O God, in Sion: and unto thee shall the vow be performed.
Psalms 65:2	O thou that hearest prayer, unto thee shall all flesh come.
Psalms 65:3	Iniquities prevail against me: as for our transgressions, thou shalt purge them away.
Psalms 65:4	Blessed is the man whom thou choosest, and causest to approach unto thee, that he may dwell in thy courts: we shall be satisfied with the goodness of thy house, even of thy holy temple.
Psalms 65:5	By terrible things in righteousness wilt thou answer us, O God of our salvation; who art the confidence of all the ends of the earth, and of them that are afar off upon the sea:
Psalms 65:6	Which by his strength setteth fast the mountains; being girded with power:
Psalms 65:7	Which stilleth the noise of the seas, the noise of their waves, and the tumult of the people.
Psalms 65:8	They also that dwell in the uttermost parts are afraid at thy tokens: thou makest the outgoings of the morning and evening to rejoice.
Psalms 65:9	Thou visitest the earth, and waterest it: thou greatly enrichest it with the river of God, which is full of water: thou preparest them corn, when thou hast so provided for it.
Psalms 65:10	Thou waterest the ridges thereof abundantly: thou settlest the furrows thereof: thou makest it soft with showers: thou blessest the springing thereof.
Psalms 65:11	Thou crownest the year with thy goodness; and thy paths drop fatness.
Psalms 65:12	They drop upon the pastures of the wilderness: and the little hills rejoice on every side.
Psalms 65:13	The pastures are clothed with flocks; the valleys also are covered over with corn; they shout for joy, they also sing.
Psalms 66:1	Make a joyful noise unto God, all ye lands:
Psalms 66:2	Sing forth the honour of his name: make his praise glorious.
Psalms 66:3	Say unto God, How terrible art thou in thy works! through the greatness of thy power shall thine enemies submit themselves unto thee.
Psalms 66:4	All the earth shall worship thee, and shall sing unto thee; they shall sing to thy name. Selah.
Psalms 66:5	Come and see the works of God: he is terrible in his doing toward the children of men.
Psalms 66:6	He turned the sea into dry land: they went through the flood on foot: there did we rejoice in him.
Psalms 66:7	He ruleth by his power for ever; his eyes behold the nations: let not the rebellious exalt themselves. Selah.
Psalms 66:8	O bless our God, ye people, and make the voice of his praise to be heard:
Psalms 66:9	Which holdeth our soul in life, and suffereth not our feet to be moved.
Psalms 66:10	For thou, O God, hast proved us: thou hast tried us, as silver is tried.
Psalms 66:11	Thou broughtest us into the net; thou laidst affliction upon our loins.
Psalms 66:12	Thou hast caused men to ride over our heads; we went through fire and through water: but thou broughtest us out into a wealthy place.
Psalms 66:13	I will go into thy house with burnt offerings: I will pay thee my vows,
Psalms 66:14	Which my lips have uttered, and my mouth hath spoken, when I was in trouble.
Psalms 66:15	I will offer unto thee burnt sacrifices of fatlings, with the incense of rams; I will offer bullocks with goats. Selah.
Psalms 66:16	Come and hear, all ye that fear God, and I will declare what he hath done for my soul.
Psalms 66:17	I cried unto him with my mouth, and he was extolled with my tongue.
Psalms 66:18	If I regard iniquity in my heart, the Lord will not hear me:
Psalms 66:19	But verily God hath heard me; he hath attended to the voice of my prayer.
Psalms 66:20	Blessed be God, which hath not turned away my prayer, nor his mercy from me.
Psalms 67:1	God be merciful unto us, and bless us; and cause his face to shine upon us; Selah.
Psalms 67:2	That thy way may be known upon earth, thy saving health among all nations.
Psalms 67:3	Let the people praise thee, O God; let all the people praise thee.
Psalms 67:4	O let the nations be glad and sing for joy: for thou shalt judge the people righteously, and govern the nations upon earth. Selah.
Psalms 67:5	Let the people praise thee, O God; let all the people praise thee.
Psalms 67:6	Then shall the earth yield her increase; and God, even our own God, shall bless us.
Psalms 67:7	God shall bless us; and all the ends of the earth shall fear him.
