Ecclesiastes 2:18	Yea, I hated all my labour which I had taken under the sun: because I should leave it unto the man that shall be after me.
Ecclesiastes 2:19	And who knoweth whether he shall be a wise man or a fool? yet shall he have rule over all my labour wherein I have laboured, and wherein I have shewed myself wise under the sun. This is also vanity.
Ecclesiastes 2:20	Therefore I went about to cause my heart to despair of all the labour which I took under the sun.
Ecclesiastes 2:21	For there is a man whose labour is in wisdom, and in knowledge, and in equity; yet to a man that hath not laboured therein shall he leave it for his portion. This also is vanity and a great evil.
Ecclesiastes 2:22	For what hath man of all his labour, and of the vexation of his heart, wherein he hath laboured under the sun?
Ecclesiastes 2:23	For all his days are sorrows, and his travail grief; yea, his heart taketh not rest in the night. This is also vanity.
Ecclesiastes 2:24	There is nothing better for a man, than that he should eat and drink, and that he should make his soul enjoy good in his labour. This also I saw, that it was from the hand of God.
Ecclesiastes 2:25	For who can eat, or who else can hasten hereunto, more than I?
Ecclesiastes 2:26	For God giveth to a man that is good in his sight wisdom, and knowledge, and joy: but to the sinner he giveth travail, to gather and to heap up, that he may give to him that is good before God. This also is vanity and vexation of spirit.
Ecclesiastes 3:1	To every thing there is a season, and a time to every purpose under the heaven:
Ecclesiastes 3:2	A time to be born, and a time to die; a time to plant, and a time to pluck up that which is planted;
Ecclesiastes 3:3	A time to kill, and a time to heal; a time to break down, and a time to build up;
Ecclesiastes 3:4	A time to weep, and a time to laugh; a time to mourn, and a time to dance;
Ecclesiastes 3:5	A time to cast away stones, and a time to gather stones together; a time to embrace, and a time to refrain from embracing;
Ecclesiastes 3:6	A time to get, and a time to lose; a time to keep, and a time to cast away;
Ecclesiastes 3:7	A time to rend, and a time to sew; a time to keep silence, and a time to speak;
Ecclesiastes 3:8	A time to love, and a time to hate; a time of war, and a time of peace.
Ecclesiastes 3:9	What profit hath he that worketh in that wherein he laboureth?
Ecclesiastes 3:10	I have seen the travail, which God hath given to the sons of men to be exercised in it.
Ecclesiastes 3:11	He hath made every thing beautiful in his time: also he hath set the world in their heart, so that no man can find out the work that God maketh from the beginning to the end.
Ecclesiastes 3:12	I know that there is no good in them, but for a man to rejoice, and to do good in his life.
Ecclesiastes 3:13	And also that every man should eat and drink, and enjoy the good of all his labour, it is the gift of God.
Ecclesiastes 3:14	I know that, whatsoever God doeth, it shall be for ever: nothing can be put to it, nor any thing taken from it: and God doeth it, that men should fear before him.
Ecclesiastes 3:15	That which hath been is now; and that which is to be hath already been; and God requireth that which is past.
Ecclesiastes 3:16	And moreover I saw under the sun the place of judgment, that wickedness was there; and the place of righteousness, that iniquity was there.
Ecclesiastes 3:17	I said in mine heart, God shall judge the righteous and the wicked: for there is a time there for every purpose and for every work.
Ecclesiastes 3:18	I said in mine heart concerning the estate of the sons of men, that God might manifest them, and that they might see that they themselves are beasts.
Ecclesiastes 3:19	For that which befalleth the sons of men befalleth beasts; even one thing befalleth them: as the one dieth, so dieth the other; yea, they have all one breath; so that a man hath no preeminence above a beast: for all is vanity.
Ecclesiastes 3:20	All go unto one place; all are of the dust, and all turn to dust again.
Ecclesiastes 3:21	Who knoweth the spirit of man that goeth upward, and the spirit of the beast that goeth downward to the earth?
Ecclesiastes 3:22	Wherefore I perceive that there is nothing better, than that a man should rejoice in his own works; for that is his portion: for who shall bring him to see what shall be after him?
Ecclesiastes 4:1	So I returned, and considered all the oppressions that are done under the sun: and behold the tears of such as were oppressed, and they had no comforter; and on the side of their oppressors there was power; but they had no comforter.
Ecclesiastes 4:2	Wherefore I praised the dead which are already dead more than the living which are yet alive.
Ecclesiastes 4:3	Yea, better is he than both they, which hath not yet been, who hath not seen the evil work that is done under the sun.
Ecclesiastes 4:4	Again, I considered all travail, and every right work, that for this a man is envied of his neighbour. This is also vanity and vexation of spirit.
Ecclesiastes 4:5	The fool foldeth his hands together, and eateth his own flesh.
Ecclesiastes 4:6	Better is an handful with quietness, than both the hands full with travail and vexation of spirit.
Ecclesiastes 4:7	Then I returned, and I saw vanity under the sun.
Ecclesiastes 4:8	There is one alone, and there is not a second; yea, he hath neither child nor brother: yet is there no end of all his labour; neither is his eye satisfied with riches; neither saith he, For whom do I labour, and bereave my soul of good? This is also vanity, yea, it is a sore travail.
Ecclesiastes 4:9	Two are better than one; because they have a good reward for their labour.
Ecclesiastes 4:10	For if they fall, the one will lift up his fellow: but woe to him that is alone when he falleth; for he hath not another to help him up.
Ecclesiastes 4:11	Again, if two lie together, then they have heat: but how can one be warm alone?
Ecclesiastes 4:12	And if one prevail against him, two shall withstand him; and a threefold cord is not quickly broken.
Ecclesiastes 4:13	Better is a poor and a wise child than an old and foolish king, who will no more be admonished.
Ecclesiastes 4:14	For out of prison he cometh to reign; whereas also he that is born in his kingdom becometh poor.
Ecclesiastes 4:15	I considered all the living which walk under the sun, with the second child that shall stand up in his stead.
Ecclesiastes 4:16	There is no end of all the people, even of all that have been before them: they also that come after shall not rejoice in him. Surely this also is vanity and vexation of spirit.
Ecclesiastes 5:1	Keep thy foot when thou goest to the house of God, and be more ready to hear, than to give the sacrifice of fools: for they consider not that they do evil.
Ecclesiastes 5:2	Be not rash with thy mouth, and let not thine heart be hasty to utter any thing before God: for God is in heaven, and thou upon earth: therefore let thy words be few.
Ecclesiastes 5:3	For a dream cometh through the multitude of business; and a fool's voice is known by multitude of words.
