Matthew 17:1	And after six days Jesus taketh Peter, James, and John his brother, and bringeth them up into an high mountain apart,
Matthew 17:2	And was transfigured before them: and his face did shine as the sun, and his raiment was white as the light.
Matthew 17:3	And, behold, there appeared unto them Moses and Elias talking with him.
Matthew 17:4	Then answered Peter, and said unto Jesus, Lord, it is good for us to be here: if thou wilt, let us make here three tabernacles; one for thee, and one for Moses, and one for Elias.
Matthew 17:5	While he yet spake, behold, a bright cloud overshadowed them: and behold a voice out of the cloud, which said, This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased; hear ye him.
Matthew 17:6	And when the disciples heard it, they fell on their face, and were sore afraid.
Matthew 17:7	And Jesus came and touched them, and said, Arise, and be not afraid.
Matthew 17:8	And when they had lifted up their eyes, they saw no man, save Jesus only.
Matthew 17:9	And as they came down from the mountain, Jesus charged them, saying, Tell the vision to no man, until the Son of man be risen again from the dead.
Matthew 17:10	And his disciples asked him, saying, Why then say the scribes that Elias must first come?
Matthew 17:11	And Jesus answered and said unto them, Elias truly shall first come, and restore all things.
Matthew 17:12	But I say unto you, That Elias is come already, and they knew him not, but have done unto him whatsoever they listed. Likewise shall also the Son of man suffer of them.
Matthew 17:13	Then the disciples understood that he spake unto them of John the Baptist.
Matthew 17:14	And when they were come to the multitude, there came to him a certain man, kneeling down to him, and saying,
Matthew 17:15	Lord, have mercy on my son: for he is lunatick, and sore vexed: for ofttimes he falleth into the fire, and oft into the water.
Matthew 17:16	And I brought him to thy disciples, and they could not cure him.
Matthew 17:17	Then Jesus answered and said, O faithless and perverse generation, how long shall I be with you? how long shall I suffer you? bring him hither to me.
Matthew 17:18	And Jesus rebuked the devil; and he departed out of him: and the child was cured from that very hour.
Matthew 17:19	Then came the disciples to Jesus apart, and said, Why could not we cast him out?
Matthew 17:20	And Jesus said unto them, Because of your unbelief: for verily I say unto you, If ye have faith as a grain of mustard seed, ye shall say unto this mountain, Remove hence to yonder place; and it shall remove; and nothing shall be impossible unto you.
Matthew 17:21	Howbeit this kind goeth not out but by prayer and fasting.
Matthew 17:22	And while they abode in Galilee, Jesus said unto them, The Son of man shall be betrayed into the hands of men:
Matthew 17:23	And they shall kill him, and the third day he shall be raised again. And they were exceeding sorry.
Matthew 17:24	And when they were come to Capernaum, they that received tribute money came to Peter, and said, Doth not your master pay tribute?
Matthew 17:25	He saith, Yes. And when he was come into the house, Jesus prevented him, saying, What thinkest thou, Simon? of whom do the kings of the earth take custom or tribute? of their own children, or of strangers?
Matthew 17:26	Peter saith unto him, Of strangers. Jesus saith unto him, Then are the children free.
Matthew 17:27	Notwithstanding, lest we should offend them, go thou to the sea, and cast an hook, and take up the fish that first cometh up; and when thou hast opened his mouth, thou shalt find a piece of money: that take, and give unto them for me and thee.
Matthew 18:1	At the same time came the disciples unto Jesus, saying, Who is the greatest in the kingdom of heaven?
Matthew 18:2	And Jesus called a little child unto him, and set him in the midst of them,
Matthew 18:3	And said, Verily I say unto you, Except ye be converted, and become as little children, ye shall not enter into the kingdom of heaven.
Matthew 18:4	Whosoever therefore shall humble himself as this little child, the same is greatest in the kingdom of heaven.
Matthew 18:5	And whoso shall receive one such little child in my name receiveth me.
Matthew 18:6	But whoso shall offend one of these little ones which believe in me, it were better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and that he were drowned in the depth of the sea.
Matthew 18:7	Woe unto the world because of offences! for it must needs be that offences come; but woe to that man by whom the offence cometh!
Matthew 18:8	Wherefore if thy hand or thy foot offend thee, cut them off, and cast them from thee: it is better for thee to enter into life halt or maimed, rather than having two hands or two feet to be cast into everlasting fire.
Matthew 18:9	And if thine eye offend thee, pluck it out, and cast it from thee: it is better for thee to enter into life with one eye, rather than having two eyes to be cast into hell fire.
Matthew 18:10	Take heed that ye despise not one of these little ones; for I say unto you, That in heaven their angels do always behold the face of my Father which is in heaven.
Matthew 18:11	For the Son of man is come to save that which was lost.
Matthew 18:12	How think ye? if a man have an hundred sheep, and one of them be gone astray, doth he not leave the ninety and nine, and goeth into the mountains, and seeketh that which is gone astray?
Matthew 18:13	And if so be that he find it, verily I say unto you, he rejoiceth more of that sheep, than of the ninety and nine which went not astray.
Matthew 18:14	Even so it is not the will of your Father which is in heaven, that one of these little ones should perish.
Matthew 18:15	Moreover if thy brother shall trespass against thee, go and tell him his fault between thee and him alone: if he shall hear thee, thou hast gained thy brother.
Matthew 18:16	But if he will not hear thee, then take with thee one or two more, that in the mouth of two or three witnesses every word may be established.
Matthew 18:17	And if he shall neglect to hear them, tell it unto the church: but if he neglect to hear the church, let him be unto thee as an heathen man and a publican.
Matthew 18:18	Verily I say unto you, Whatsoever ye shall bind on earth shall be bound in heaven: and whatsoever ye shall loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven.
Matthew 18:19	Again I say unto you, That if two of you shall agree on earth as touching any thing that they shall ask, it shall be done for them of my Father which is in heaven.
Matthew 18:20	For where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them.
Matthew 18:21	Then came Peter to him, and said, Lord, how oft shall my brother sin against me, and I forgive him? till seven times?
Matthew 18:22	Jesus saith unto him, I say not unto thee, Until seven times: but, Until seventy times seven.
Matthew 18:23	Therefore is the kingdom of heaven likened unto a certain king, which would take account of his servants.
