Exodus 19:25	So Moses went down unto the people, and spake unto them.
Exodus 20:1	And God spake all these words, saying,
Exodus 20:2	I am the LORD thy God, which have brought thee out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondage.
Exodus 20:3	Thou shalt have no other gods before me.
Exodus 20:4	Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image, or any likeness of any thing that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the water under the earth.
Exodus 20:5	Thou shalt not bow down thyself to them, nor serve them: for I the LORD thy God am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children unto the third and fourth generation of them that hate me;
Exodus 20:6	And showing mercy unto thousands of them that love me, and keep my commandments.
Exodus 20:7	Thou shalt not take the name of the LORD thy God in vain; for the LORD will not hold him guiltless that taketh his name in vain.
Exodus 20:8	Remember the sabbath day, to keep it holy.
Exodus 20:9	Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work:
Exodus 20:10	But the seventh day is the sabbath of the LORD thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates:
Exodus 20:11	For in six days the LORD made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day: wherefore the LORD blessed the sabbath day, and hallowed it.
Exodus 20:12	Honor thy father and thy mother: that thy days may be long upon the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee.
Exodus 20:13	Thou shalt not kill.
Exodus 20:14	Thou shalt not commit adultery.
Exodus 20:15	Thou shalt not steal.
Exodus 20:16	Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbor.
Exodus 20:17	Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house, thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's wife, nor his manservant, nor his maidservant, nor his ox, nor his ass, nor any thing that is thy neighbor's.
Exodus 20:18	And all the people saw the thunderings, and the lightnings, and the noise of the trumpet, and the mountain smoking: and when the people saw it, they removed, and stood afar off.
Exodus 20:19	And they said unto Moses, Speak thou with us, and we will hear: but let not God speak with us, lest we die.
Exodus 20:20	And Moses said unto the people, Fear not: for God is come to prove you, and that his fear may be before your faces, that ye sin not.
Exodus 20:21	And the people stood afar off, and Moses drew near unto the thick darkness where God was.
Exodus 20:22	And the LORD said unto Moses, Thus thou shalt say unto the children of Israel, Ye have seen that I have talked with you from heaven.
Exodus 20:23	Ye shall not make with me gods of silver, neither shall ye make unto you gods of gold.
Exodus 20:24	An altar of earth thou shalt make unto me, and shalt sacrifice thereon thy burnt offerings, and thy peace offerings, thy sheep, and thine oxen: in all places where I record my name I will come unto thee, and I will bless thee.
Exodus 20:25	And if thou wilt make me an altar of stone, thou shalt not build it of hewn stone: for if thou lift up thy tool upon it, thou hast polluted it.
Exodus 20:26	Neither shalt thou go up by steps unto mine altar, that thy nakedness be not discovered thereon.
Exodus 21:1	Now these are the judgments which thou shalt set before them.
Exodus 21:2	If thou buy an Hebrew servant, six years he shall serve: and in the seventh he shall go out free for nothing.
Exodus 21:3	If he came in by himself, he shall go out by himself: if he were married, then his wife shall go out with him.
Exodus 21:4	If his master have given him a wife, and she have born him sons or daughters; the wife and her children shall be her master's, and he shall go out by himself.
Exodus 21:5	And if the servant shall plainly say, I love my master, my wife, and my children; I will not go out free:
Exodus 21:6	Then his master shall bring him unto the judges; he shall also bring him to the door, or unto the door post; and his master shall bore his ear through with an awl; and he shall serve him for ever.
Exodus 21:7	And if a man sell his daughter to be a maidservant, she shall not go out as the menservants do.
Exodus 21:8	If she please not her master, who hath betrothed her to himself, then shall he let her be redeemed: to sell her unto a strange nation he shall have no power, seeing he hath dealt deceitfully with her.
Exodus 21:9	And if he have betrothed her unto his son, he shall deal with her after the manner of daughters.
Exodus 21:10	If he take him another wife; her food, her raiment, and her duty of marriage, shall he not diminish.
Exodus 21:11	And if he do not these three unto her, then shall she go out free without money.
Exodus 21:12	He that smiteth a man, so that he die, shall be surely put to death.
Exodus 21:13	And if a man lie not in wait, but God deliver him into his hand; then I will appoint thee a place whither he shall flee.
Exodus 21:14	But if a man come presumptuously upon his neighbor, to slay him with guile; thou shalt take him from mine altar, that he may die.
Exodus 21:15	And he that smiteth his father, or his mother, shall be surely put to death.
Exodus 21:16	And he that stealeth a man, and selleth him, or if he be found in his hand, he shall surely be put to death.
Exodus 21:17	And he that curseth his father, or his mother, shall surely be put to death.
Exodus 21:18	And if men strive together, and one smite another with a stone, or with his fist, and he die not, but keepeth his bed:
Exodus 21:19	If he rise again, and walk abroad upon his staff, then shall he that smote him be quit: only he shall pay for the loss of his time, and shall cause him to be thoroughly healed.
Exodus 21:20	And if a man smite his servant, or his maid, with a rod, and he die under his hand; he shall be surely punished.
Exodus 21:21	Notwithstanding, if he continue a day or two, he shall not be punished: for he is his money.
Exodus 21:22	If men strive, and hurt a woman with child, so that her fruit depart from her, and yet no mischief follow: he shall be surely punished, according as the woman's husband will lay upon him; and he shall pay as the judges determine.
Exodus 21:23	And if any mischief follow, then thou shalt give life for life,
