Matthew 18:24	And when he had begun to reckon, one was brought unto him, which owed him ten thousand talents.
Matthew 18:25	But forasmuch as he had not to pay, his lord commanded him to be sold, and his wife, and children, and all that he had, and payment to be made.
Matthew 18:26	The servant therefore fell down, and worshipped him, saying, Lord, have patience with me, and I will pay thee all.
Matthew 18:27	Then the lord of that servant was moved with compassion, and loosed him, and forgave him the debt.
Matthew 18:28	But the same servant went out, and found one of his fellowservants, which owed him an hundred pence: and he laid hands on him, and took him by the throat, saying, Pay me that thou owest.
Matthew 18:29	And his fellowservant fell down at his feet, and besought him, saying, Have patience with me, and I will pay thee all.
Matthew 18:30	And he would not: but went and cast him into prison, till he should pay the debt.
Matthew 18:31	So when his fellowservants saw what was done, they were very sorry, and came and told unto their lord all that was done.
Matthew 18:32	Then his lord, after that he had called him, said unto him, O thou wicked servant, I forgave thee all that debt, because thou desiredst me:
Matthew 18:33	Shouldest not thou also have had compassion on thy fellowservant, even as I had pity on thee?
Matthew 18:34	And his lord was wroth, and delivered him to the tormentors, till he should pay all that was due unto him.
Matthew 18:35	So likewise shall my heavenly Father do also unto you, if ye from your hearts forgive not every one his brother their trespasses.
Matthew 19:1	And it came to pass, that when Jesus had finished these sayings, he departed from Galilee, and came into the coasts of Judaea beyond Jordan;
Matthew 19:2	And great multitudes followed him; and he healed them there.
Matthew 19:3	The Pharisees also came unto him, tempting him, and saying unto him, Is it lawful for a man to put away his wife for every cause?
Matthew 19:4	And he answered and said unto them, Have ye not read, that he which made them at the beginning made them male and female,
Matthew 19:5	And said, For this cause shall a man leave father and mother, and shall cleave to his wife: and they twain shall be one flesh?
Matthew 19:6	Wherefore they are no more twain, but one flesh. What therefore God hath joined together, let not man put asunder.
Matthew 19:7	They say unto him, Why did Moses then command to give a writing of divorcement, and to put her away?
Matthew 19:8	He saith unto them, Moses because of the hardness of your hearts suffered you to put away your wives: but from the beginning it was not so.
Matthew 19:9	And I say unto you, Whosoever shall put away his wife, except it be for fornication, and shall marry another, committeth adultery: and whoso marrieth her which is put away doth commit adultery.
Matthew 19:10	His disciples say unto him, If the case of the man be so with his wife, it is not good to marry.
Matthew 19:11	But he said unto them, All men cannot receive this saying, save they to whom it is given.
Matthew 19:12	For there are some eunuchs, which were so born from their mother's womb: and there are some eunuchs, which were made eunuchs of men: and there be eunuchs, which have made themselves eunuchs for the kingdom of heaven's sake. He that is able to receive it, let him receive it.
Matthew 19:13	Then were there brought unto him little children, that he should put his hands on them, and pray: and the disciples rebuked them.
Matthew 19:14	But Jesus said, Suffer little children, and forbid them not, to come unto me: for of such is the kingdom of heaven.
Matthew 19:15	And he laid his hands on them, and departed thence.
Matthew 19:16	And, behold, one came and said unto him, Good Master, what good thing shall I do, that I may have eternal life?
Matthew 19:17	And he said unto him, Why callest thou me good? there is none good but one, that is, God: but if thou wilt enter into life, keep the commandments.
Matthew 19:18	He saith unto him, Which? Jesus said, Thou shalt do no murder, Thou shalt not commit adultery, Thou shalt not steal, Thou shalt not bear false witness,
Matthew 19:19	Honour thy father and thy mother: and, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.
Matthew 19:20	The young man saith unto him, All these things have I kept from my youth up: what lack I yet?
Matthew 19:21	Jesus said unto him, If thou wilt be perfect, go and sell that thou hast, and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven: and come and follow me.
Matthew 19:22	But when the young man heard that saying, he went away sorrowful: for he had great possessions.
Matthew 19:23	Then said Jesus unto his disciples, Verily I say unto you, That a rich man shall hardly enter into the kingdom of heaven.
Matthew 19:24	And again I say unto you, It is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle, than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God.
Matthew 19:25	When his disciples heard it, they were exceedingly amazed, saying, Who then can be saved?
Matthew 19:26	But Jesus beheld them, and said unto them, With men this is impossible; but with God all things are possible.
Matthew 19:27	Then answered Peter and said unto him, Behold, we have forsaken all, and followed thee; what shall we have therefore?
Matthew 19:28	And Jesus said unto them, Verily I say unto you, That ye which have followed me, in the regeneration when the Son of man shall sit in the throne of his glory, ye also shall sit upon twelve thrones, judging the twelve tribes of Israel.
Matthew 19:29	And every one that hath forsaken houses, or brethren, or sisters, or father, or mother, or wife, or children, or lands, for my name's sake, shall receive an hundredfold, and shall inherit everlasting life.
Matthew 19:30	But many that are first shall be last; and the last shall be first.
Matthew 20:1	For the kingdom of heaven is like unto a man that is an householder, which went out early in the morning to hire labourers into his vineyard.
Matthew 20:2	And when he had agreed with the labourers for a penny a day, he sent them into his vineyard.
Matthew 20:3	And he went out about the third hour, and saw others standing idle in the marketplace,
Matthew 20:4	And said unto them; Go ye also into the vineyard, and whatsoever is right I will give you. And they went their way.
Matthew 20:5	Again he went out about the sixth and ninth hour, and did likewise.
Matthew 20:6	And about the eleventh hour he went out, and found others standing idle, and saith unto them, Why stand ye here all the day idle?
Matthew 20:7	They say unto him, Because no man hath hired us. He saith unto them, Go ye also into the vineyard; and whatsoever is right, that shall ye receive.
Matthew 20:8	So when even was come, the lord of the vineyard saith unto his steward, Call the labourers, and give them their hire, beginning from the last unto the first.
