Matthew 9:22	But Jesus turned him about, and when he saw her, he said, Daughter, be of good comfort; thy faith hath made thee whole. And the woman was made whole from that hour.
Matthew 9:23	And when Jesus came into the ruler's house, and saw the minstrels and the people making a noise,
Matthew 9:24	He said unto them, Give place: for the maid is not dead, but sleepeth. And they laughed him to scorn.
Matthew 9:25	But when the people were put forth, he went in, and took her by the hand, and the maid arose.
Matthew 9:26	And the fame hereof went abroad into all that land.
Matthew 9:27	And when Jesus departed thence, two blind men followed him, crying, and saying, Thou son of David, have mercy on us.
Matthew 9:28	And when he was come into the house, the blind men came to him: and Jesus saith unto them, Believe ye that I am able to do this? They said unto him, Yea, Lord.
Matthew 9:29	Then touched he their eyes, saying, According to your faith be it unto you.
Matthew 9:30	And their eyes were opened; and Jesus straitly charged them, saying, See that no man know it.
Matthew 9:31	But they, when they were departed, spread abroad his fame in all that country.
Matthew 9:32	As they went out, behold, they brought to him a dumb man possessed with a devil.
Matthew 9:33	And when the devil was cast out, the dumb spake: and the multitudes marvelled, saying, It was never so seen in Israel.
Matthew 9:34	But the Pharisees said, He casteth out devils through the prince of the devils.
Matthew 9:35	And Jesus went about all the cities and villages, teaching in their synagogues, and preaching the gospel of the kingdom, and healing every sickness and every disease among the people.
Matthew 9:36	But when he saw the multitudes, he was moved with compassion on them, because they fainted, and were scattered abroad, as sheep having no shepherd.
Matthew 9:37	Then saith he unto his disciples, The harvest truly is plenteous, but the labourers are few;
Matthew 9:38	Pray ye therefore the Lord of the harvest, that he will send forth labourers into his harvest.
Matthew 10:1	And when he had called unto him his twelve disciples, he gave them power against unclean spirits, to cast them out, and to heal all manner of sickness and all manner of disease.
Matthew 10:2	Now the names of the twelve apostles are these; The first, Simon, who is called Peter, and Andrew his brother; James the son of Zebedee, and John his brother;
Matthew 10:3	Philip, and Bartholomew; Thomas, and Matthew the publican; James the son of Alphaeus, and Lebbaeus, whose surname was Thaddaeus;
Matthew 10:4	Simon the Canaanite, and Judas Iscariot, who also betrayed him.
Matthew 10:5	These twelve Jesus sent forth, and commanded them, saying, Go not into the way of the Gentiles, and into any city of the Samaritans enter ye not:
Matthew 10:6	But go rather to the lost sheep of the house of Israel.
Matthew 10:7	And as ye go, preach, saying, The kingdom of heaven is at hand.
Matthew 10:8	Heal the sick, cleanse the lepers, raise the dead, cast out devils: freely ye have received, freely give.
Matthew 10:9	Provide neither gold, nor silver, nor brass in your purses,
Matthew 10:10	Nor scrip for your journey, neither two coats, neither shoes, nor yet staves: for the workman is worthy of his meat.
Matthew 10:11	And into whatsoever city or town ye shall enter, enquire who in it is worthy; and there abide till ye go thence.
Matthew 10:12	And when ye come into an house, salute it.
Matthew 10:13	And if the house be worthy, let your peace come upon it: but if it be not worthy, let your peace return to you.
Matthew 10:14	And whosoever shall not receive you, nor hear your words, when ye depart out of that house or city, shake off the dust of your feet.
Matthew 10:15	Verily I say unto you, It shall be more tolerable for the land of Sodom and Gomorrha in the day of judgment, than for that city.
Matthew 10:16	Behold, I send you forth as sheep in the midst of wolves: be ye therefore wise as serpents, and harmless as doves.
Matthew 10:17	But beware of men: for they will deliver you up to the councils, and they will scourge you in their synagogues;
Matthew 10:18	And ye shall be brought before governors and kings for my sake, for a testimony against them and the Gentiles.
Matthew 10:19	But when they deliver you up, take no thought how or what ye shall speak: for it shall be given you in that same hour what ye shall speak.
Matthew 10:20	For it is not ye that speak, but the Spirit of your Father which speaketh in you.
Matthew 10:21	And the brother shall deliver up the brother to death, and the father the child: and the children shall rise up against their parents, and cause them to be put to death.
Matthew 10:22	And ye shall be hated of all men for my name's sake: but he that endureth to the end shall be saved.
Matthew 10:23	But when they persecute you in this city, flee ye into another: for verily I say unto you, Ye shall not have gone over the cities of Israel, till the Son of man be come.
Matthew 10:24	The disciple is not above his master, nor the servant above his lord.
Matthew 10:25	It is enough for the disciple that he be as his master, and the servant as his lord. If they have called the master of the house Beelzebub, how much more shall they call them of his household?
Matthew 10:26	Fear them not therefore: for there is nothing covered, that shall not be revealed; and hid, that shall not be known.
Matthew 10:27	What I tell you in darkness, that speak ye in light: and what ye hear in the ear, that preach ye upon the housetops.
Matthew 10:28	And fear not them which kill the body, but are not able to kill the soul: but rather fear him which is able to destroy both soul and body in hell.
Matthew 10:29	Are not two sparrows sold for a farthing? and one of them shall not fall on the ground without your Father.
Matthew 10:30	But the very hairs of your head are all numbered.
Matthew 10:31	Fear ye not therefore, ye are of more value than many sparrows.
Matthew 10:32	Whosoever therefore shall confess me before men, him will I confess also before my Father which is in heaven.
Matthew 10:33	But whosoever shall deny me before men, him will I also deny before my Father which is in heaven.
