Lamentations 2:19	Arise, cry out in the night: in the beginning of the watches pour out thine heart like water before the face of the LORD: lift up thy hands toward him for the life of thy young children, that faint for hunger in the top of every street.
Lamentations 2:20	Behold, O LORD, and consider to whom thou hast done this. Shall the women eat their fruit, and children of a span long? shall the priest and the prophet be slain in the sanctuary of the Lord?
Lamentations 2:21	The young and the old lie on the ground in the streets: my virgins and my young men are fallen by the sword; thou hast slain them in the day of thine anger; thou hast killed, and not pitied.
Lamentations 2:22	Thou hast called as in a solemn day my terrors round about, so that in the day of the LORD's anger none escaped nor remained: those that I have swaddled and brought up hath mine enemy consumed.
Lamentations 3:1	I AM the man that hath seen affliction by the rod of his wrath.
Lamentations 3:2	He hath led me, and brought me into darkness, but not into light.
Lamentations 3:3	Surely against me is he turned; he turneth his hand against me all the day.
Lamentations 3:4	My flesh and my skin hath he made old; he hath broken my bones.
Lamentations 3:5	He hath builded against me, and compassed me with gall and travail.
Lamentations 3:6	He hath set me in dark places, as they that be dead of old.
Lamentations 3:7	He hath hedged me about, that I cannot get out: he hath made my chain heavy.
Lamentations 3:8	Also when I cry and shout, he shutteth out my prayer.
Lamentations 3:9	He hath inclosed my ways with hewn stone, he hath made my paths crooked.
Lamentations 3:10	He was unto me as a bear lying in wait, and as a lion in secret places.
Lamentations 3:11	He hath turned aside my ways, and pulled me in pieces: he hath made me desolate.
Lamentations 3:12	He hath bent his bow, and set me as a mark for the arrow.
Lamentations 3:13	He hath caused the arrows of his quiver to enter into my reins.
Lamentations 3:14	I was a derision to all my people; and their song all the day.
Lamentations 3:15	He hath filled me with bitterness, he hath made me drunken with wormwood.
Lamentations 3:16	He hath also broken my teeth with gravel stones, he hath covered me with ashes.
Lamentations 3:17	And thou hast removed my soul far off from peace: I forgat prosperity.
Lamentations 3:18	And I said, My strength and my hope is perished from the LORD:
Lamentations 3:19	Remembering mine affliction and my misery, the wormwood and the gall.
Lamentations 3:20	My soul hath them still in remembrance, and is humbled in me.
Lamentations 3:21	This I recall to my mind, therefore have I hope.
Lamentations 3:22	It is of the LORD's mercies that we are not consumed, because his compassions fail not.
Lamentations 3:23	They are new every morning: great is thy faithfulness.
Lamentations 3:24	The LORD is my portion, saith my soul; therefore will I hope in him.
Lamentations 3:25	The LORD is good unto them that wait for him, to the soul that seeketh him.
Lamentations 3:26	It is good that a man should both hope and quietly wait for the salvation of the LORD.
Lamentations 3:27	It is good for a man that he bear the yoke of his youth.
Lamentations 3:28	He sitteth alone and keepeth silence, because he hath borne it upon him.
Lamentations 3:29	He putteth his mouth in the dust; if so be there may be hope.
Lamentations 3:30	He giveth his cheek to him that smiteth him: he is filled full with reproach.
Lamentations 3:31	For the LORD will not cast off for ever:
Lamentations 3:32	But though he cause grief, yet will he have compassion according to the multitude of his mercies.
Lamentations 3:33	For he doth not afflict willingly nor grieve the children of men.
Lamentations 3:34	To crush under his feet all the prisoners of the earth.
Lamentations 3:35	To turn aside the right of a man before the face of the most High,
Lamentations 3:36	To subvert a man in his cause, the LORD approveth not.
Lamentations 3:37	Who is he that saith, and it cometh to pass, when the Lord commandeth it not?
Lamentations 3:38	Out of the mouth of the most High proceedeth not evil and good?
Lamentations 3:39	Wherefore doth a living man complain, a man for the punishment of his sins?
Lamentations 3:40	Let us search and try our ways, and turn again to the LORD.
Lamentations 3:41	Let us lift up our heart with our hands unto God in the heavens.
Lamentations 3:42	We have transgressed and have rebelled: thou hast not pardoned.
Lamentations 3:43	Thou hast covered with anger, and persecuted us: thou hast slain, thou hast not pitied.
Lamentations 3:44	Thou hast covered thyself with a cloud, that our prayer should not pass through.
Lamentations 3:45	Thou hast made us as the offscouring and refuse in the midst of the people.
Lamentations 3:46	All our enemies have opened their mouths against us.
