Exodus 38:18	And the hanging for the gate of the court was needlework, of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen: and twenty cubits was the length, and the height in the breadth was five cubits, answerable to the hangings of the court.
Exodus 38:19	And their pillars were four, and their sockets of brass four; their hooks of silver, and the overlaying of their chapiters and their fillets of silver.
Exodus 38:20	And all the pins of the tabernacle, and of the court round about, were of brass.
Exodus 38:21	This is the sum of the tabernacle, even of the tabernacle of testimony, as it was counted, according to the commandment of Moses, for the service of the Levites, by the hand of Ithamar, son to Aaron the priest.
Exodus 38:22	And Bezaleel the son Uri, the son of Hur, of the tribe of Judah, made all that the LORD commanded Moses.
Exodus 38:23	And with him was Aholiab, son of Ahisamach, of the tribe of Dan, an engraver, and a cunning workman, and an embroiderer in blue, and in purple, and in scarlet, and fine linen.
Exodus 38:24	All the gold that was occupied for the work in all the work of the holy place, even the gold of the offering, was twenty and nine talents, and seven hundred and thirty shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary.
Exodus 38:25	And the silver of them that were numbered of the congregation was an hundred talents, and a thousand seven hundred and threescore and fifteen shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary:
Exodus 38:26	A bekah for every man, that is, half a shekel, after the shekel of the sanctuary, for every one that went to be numbered, from twenty years old and upward, for six hundred thousand and three thousand and five hundred and fifty men.
Exodus 38:27	And of the hundred talents of silver were cast the sockets of the sanctuary, and the sockets of the vail; an hundred sockets of the hundred talents, a talent for a socket.
Exodus 38:28	And of the thousand seven hundred seventy and five shekels he made hooks for the pillars, and overlaid their chapiters, and filleted them.|
Exodus 38:29	And the brass of the offering was seventy talents, and two thousand and four hundred shekels.
Exodus 38:30	And therewith he made the sockets to the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, and the brazen altar, and the brazen grate for it, and all the vessels of the altar,
Exodus 38:31	And the sockets of the court round about, and the sockets of the court gate, and all the pins of the tabernacle, and all the pins of the court round about.
Exodus 39:1	And of the blue, and purple, and scarlet, they made cloths of service, to do service in the holy place, and made the holy garments for Aaron; as the LORD commanded Moses.
Exodus 39:2	And he made the ephod of gold, blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen.
Exodus 39:3	And they did beat the gold into thin plates, and cut it into wires, to work it in the blue, and in the purple, and in the scarlet, and in the fine linen, with cunning work.
Exodus 39:4	They made shoulderpieces for it, to couple it together: by the two edges was it coupled together.
Exodus 39:5	And the curious girdle of his ephod, that was upon it, was of the same, according to the work thereof; of gold, blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen; as the LORD commanded Moses.
Exodus 39:6	And they wrought onyx stones inclosed in ouches of gold, graven, as signets are graven, with the names of the children of Israel.
Exodus 39:7	And he put them on the shoulders of the ephod, that they should be stones for a memorial to the children of Israel; as the LORD commanded Moses.
Exodus 39:8	And he made the breastplate of cunning work, like the work of the ephod; of gold, blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen.
Exodus 39:9	It was foursquare; they made the breastplate double: a span was the length thereof, and a span the breadth thereof, being doubled.
Exodus 39:10	And they set in it four rows of stones: the first row was a sardius, a topaz, and a carbuncle: this was the first row.
Exodus 39:11	And the second row, an emerald, a sapphire, and a diamond.
Exodus 39:12	And the third row, a ligure, an agate, and an amethyst.
Exodus 39:13	And the fourth row, a beryl, an onyx, and a jasper: they were inclosed in ouches of gold in their inclosings.
Exodus 39:14	And the stones were according to the names of the children of Israel, twelve, according to their names, like the engravings of a signet, every one with his name, according to the twelve tribes.
Exodus 39:15	And they made upon the breastplate chains at the ends, of wreathed work of pure gold.
Exodus 39:16	And they made two ouches of gold, and two gold rings; and put the two rings in the two ends of the breastplate.
Exodus 39:17	And they put the two wreathed chains of gold in the two rings on the ends of the breastplate.
Exodus 39:18	And the two ends of the two wreathed chains they fastened in the two ouches, and put them on the shoulderpieces of the ephod, before it.
Exodus 39:19	And they made two rings of gold, and put them on the two ends of the breastplate, upon the border of it, which was on the side of the ephod inward.
Exodus 39:20	And they made two other golden rings, and put them on the two sides of the ephod underneath, toward the forepart of it, over against the other coupling thereof, above the curious girdle of the ephod.
Exodus 39:21	And they did bind the breastplate by his rings unto the rings of the ephod with a lace of blue, that it might be above the curious girdle of the ephod, and that the breastplate might not be loosed from the ephod; as the LORD commanded Moses.
Exodus 39:22	And he made the robe of the ephod of woven work, all of blue.
Exodus 39:23	And there was an hole in the midst of the robe, as the hole of an habergeon, with a band round about the hole, that it should not rend.
Exodus 39:24	And they made upon the hems of the robe pomegranates of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and twined linen.
Exodus 39:25	And they made bells of pure gold, and put the bells between the pomegranates upon the hem of the robe, round about between the pomegranates;
Exodus 39:26	A bell and a pomegranate, a bell and a pomegranate, round about the hem of the robe to minister in; as the LORD commanded Moses.
Exodus 39:27	And they made coats of fine linen of woven work for Aaron, and for his sons,
Exodus 39:28	And a mitre of fine linen, and goodly bonnets of fine linen, and linen breeches of fine twined linen,
Exodus 39:29	And a girdle of fine twined linen, and blue, and purple, and scarlet, of needlework; as the LORD commanded Moses.
Exodus 39:30	And they made the plate of the holy crown of pure gold, and wrote upon it a writing, like to the engravings of a signet, HOLINESS TO THE LORD.
Exodus 39:31	And they tied unto it a lace of blue, to fasten it on high upon the mitre; as the LORD commanded Moses.
Exodus 39:32	Thus was all the work of the tabernacle of the tent of the congregation finished: and the children of Israel did according to all that the LORD commanded Moses, so did they.
Exodus 39:33	And they brought the tabernacle unto Moses, the tent, and all his furniture, his taches, his boards, his bars, and his pillars, and his sockets,
Exodus 39:34	And the covering of rams' skins dyed red, and the covering of badgers' skins, and the vail of the covering,
Exodus 39:35	The ark of the testimony, and the staves thereof, and the mercy seat,
Exodus 39:36	The table, and all the vessels thereof, and the showbread,
