Luke 2:28	Then took he him up in his arms, and blessed God, and said,
Luke 2:29	Lord, now lettest thou thy servant depart in peace, according to thy word:
Luke 2:30	For mine eyes have seen thy salvation,
Luke 2:31	Which thou hast prepared before the face of all people;
Luke 2:32	A light to lighten the Gentiles, and the glory of thy people Israel.
Luke 2:33	And Joseph and his mother marvelled at those things which were spoken of him.
Luke 2:34	And Simeon blessed them, and said unto Mary his mother, Behold, this child is set for the fall and rising again of many in Israel; and for a sign which shall be spoken against;
Luke 2:35	(Yea, a sword shall pierce through thy own soul also,) that the thoughts of many hearts may be revealed.
Luke 2:36	And there was one Anna, a prophetess, the daughter of Phanuel, of the tribe of Aser: she was of a great age, and had lived with an husband seven years from her virginity;
Luke 2:37	And she was a widow of about fourscore and four years, which departed not from the temple, but served God with fastings and prayers night and day.
Luke 2:38	And she coming in that instant gave thanks likewise unto the Lord, and spake of him to all them that looked for redemption in Jerusalem.
Luke 2:39	And when they had performed all things according to the law of the Lord, they returned into Galilee, to their own city Nazareth.
Luke 2:40	And the child grew, and waxed strong in spirit, filled with wisdom: and the grace of God was upon him.
Luke 2:41	Now his parents went to Jerusalem every year at the feast of the passover.
Luke 2:42	And when he was twelve years old, they went up to Jerusalem after the custom of the feast.
Luke 2:43	And when they had fulfilled the days, as they returned, the child Jesus tarried behind in Jerusalem; and Joseph and his mother knew not of it.
Luke 2:44	But they, supposing him to have been in the company, went a day's journey; and they sought him among their kinsfolk and acquaintance.
Luke 2:45	And when they found him not, they turned back again to Jerusalem, seeking him.
Luke 2:46	And it came to pass, that after three days they found him in the temple, sitting in the midst of the doctors, both hearing them, and asking them questions.
Luke 2:47	And all that heard him were astonished at his understanding and answers.
Luke 2:48	And when they saw him, they were amazed: and his mother said unto him, Son, why hast thou thus dealt with us? behold, thy father and I have sought thee sorrowing.
Luke 2:49	And he said unto them, How is it that ye sought me? wist ye not that I must be about my Father's business?
Luke 2:50	And they understood not the saying which he spake unto them.
Luke 2:51	And he went down with them, and came to Nazareth, and was subject unto them: but his mother kept all these sayings in her heart.
Luke 2:52	And Jesus increased in wisdom and stature, and in favour with God and man.
Luke 3:1	Now in the fifteenth year of the reign of Tiberius Caesar, Pontius Pilate being governor of Judaea, and Herod being tetrarch of Galilee, and his brother Philip tetrarch of Ituraea and of the region of Trachonitis, and Lysanias the tetrarch of Abilene,
Luke 3:2	Annas and Caiaphas being the high priests, the word of God came unto John the son of Zacharias in the wilderness.
Luke 3:3	And he came into all the country about Jordan, preaching the baptism of repentance for the remission of sins;
Luke 3:4	As it is written in the book of the words of Esaias the prophet, saying, The voice of one crying in the wilderness, Prepare ye the way of the Lord, make his paths straight.
Luke 3:5	Every valley shall be filled, and every mountain and hill shall be brought low; and the crooked shall be made straight, and the rough ways shall be made smooth;
Luke 3:6	And all flesh shall see the salvation of God.
Luke 3:7	Then said he to the multitude that came forth to be baptized of him, O generation of vipers, who hath warned you to flee from the wrath to come?
Luke 3:8	Bring forth therefore fruits worthy of repentance, and begin not to say within yourselves, We have Abraham to our father: for I say unto you, That God is able of these stones to raise up children unto Abraham.
Luke 3:9	And now also the axe is laid unto the root of the trees: every tree therefore which bringeth not forth good fruit is hewn down, and cast into the fire.
Luke 3:10	And the people asked him, saying, What shall we do then?
Luke 3:11	He answereth and saith unto them, He that hath two coats, let him impart to him that hath none; and he that hath meat, let him do likewise.
Luke 3:12	Then came also publicans to be baptized, and said unto him, Master, what shall we do?
Luke 3:13	And he said unto them, Exact no more than that which is appointed you.
Luke 3:14	And the soldiers likewise demanded of him, saying, And what shall we do? And he said unto them, Do violence to no man, neither accuse any falsely; and be content with your wages.
Luke 3:15	And as the people were in expectation, and all men mused in their hearts of John, whether he were the Christ, or not;
Luke 3:16	John answered, saying unto them all, I indeed baptize you with water; but one mightier than I cometh, the latchet of whose shoes I am not worthy to unloose: he shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost and with fire:
Luke 3:17	Whose fan is in his hand, and he will throughly purge his floor, and will gather the wheat into his garner; but the chaff he will burn with fire unquenchable.
Luke 3:18	And many other things in his exhortation preached he unto the people.
Luke 3:19	But Herod the tetrarch, being reproved by him for Herodias his brother Philip's wife, and for all the evils which Herod had done,
Luke 3:20	Added yet this above all, that he shut up John in prison.
Luke 3:21	Now when all the people were baptized, it came to pass, that Jesus also being baptized, and praying, the heaven was opened,
Luke 3:22	And the Holy Ghost descended in a bodily shape like a dove upon him, and a voice came from heaven, which said, Thou art my beloved Son; in thee I am well pleased.
Luke 3:23	And Jesus himself began to be about thirty years of age, being (as was supposed) the son of Joseph, which was the son of Heli,
Luke 3:24	Which was the son of Matthat, which was the son of Levi, which was the son of Melchi, which was the son of Janna, which was the son of Joseph,
Luke 3:25	Which was the son of Mattathias, which was the son of Amos, which was the son of Naum, which was the son of Esli, which was the son of Nagge,
