Ephesians 6:14	Stand therefore, having your loins girt about with truth, and having on the breastplate of righteousness;
Ephesians 6:15	And your feet shod with the preparation of the gospel of peace;
Ephesians 6:16	Above all, taking the shield of faith, wherewith ye shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked.
Ephesians 6:17	And take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God:
Ephesians 6:18	Praying always with all prayer and supplication in the Spirit, and watching thereunto with all perseverance and supplication for all saints;
Ephesians 6:19	And for me, that utterance may be given unto me, that I may open my mouth boldly, to make known the mystery of the gospel,
Ephesians 6:20	For which I am an ambassador in bonds: that therein I may speak boldly, as I ought to speak.
Ephesians 6:21	But that ye also may know my affairs, and how I do, Tychicus, a beloved brother and faithful minister in the Lord, shall make known to you all things:
Ephesians 6:22	Whom I have sent unto you for the same purpose, that ye might know our affairs, and that he might comfort your hearts.
Ephesians 6:23	Peace be to the brethren, and love with faith, from God the Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
Ephesians 6:24	Grace be with all them that love our Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity. Amen.
Philippians 1:1	Paul and Timotheus, the servants of Jesus Christ, to all the saints in Christ Jesus which are at Philippi, with the bishops and deacons:
Philippians 1:2	Grace be unto you, and peace, from God our Father, and from the Lord Jesus Christ.
Philippians 1:3	I thank my God upon every remembrance of you,
Philippians 1:4	Always in every prayer of mine for you all making request with joy,
Philippians 1:5	For your fellowship in the gospel from the first day until now;
Philippians 1:6	Being confident of this very thing, that he which hath begun a good work in you will perform it until the day of Jesus Christ:
Philippians 1:7	Even as it is meet for me to think this of you all, because I have you in my heart; inasmuch as both in my bonds, and in the defence and confirmation of the gospel, ye all are partakers of my grace.
Philippians 1:8	For God is my record, how greatly I long after you all in the bowels of Jesus Christ.
Philippians 1:9	And this I pray, that your love may abound yet more and more in knowledge and in all judgment;
Philippians 1:10	That ye may approve things that are excellent; that ye may be sincere and without offence till the day of Christ.
Philippians 1:11	Being filled with the fruits of righteousness, which are by Jesus Christ, unto the glory and praise of God.
Philippians 1:12	But I would ye should understand, brethren, that the things which happened unto me have fallen out rather unto the furtherance of the gospel;
Philippians 1:13	So that my bonds in Christ are manifest in all the palace, and in all other places;
Philippians 1:14	And many of the brethren in the Lord, waxing confident by my bonds, are much more bold to speak the word without fear.
Philippians 1:15	Some indeed preach Christ even of envy and strife; and some also of good will:
Philippians 1:16	The one preach Christ of contention, not sincerely, supposing to add affliction to my bonds:
Philippians 1:17	But the other of love, knowing that I am set for the defence of the gospel.
Philippians 1:18	What then? notwithstanding, every way, whether in pretence, or in truth, Christ is preached; and I therein do rejoice, yea, and will rejoice.
Philippians 1:19	For I know that this shall turn to my salvation through your prayer, and the supply of the Spirit of Jesus Christ,
Philippians 1:20	According to my earnest expectation and my hope, that in nothing I shall be ashamed, but that with all boldness, as always, so now also Christ shall be magnified in my body, whether it be by life, or by death.
Philippians 1:21	For to me to live is Christ, and to die is gain.
Philippians 1:22	But if I live in the flesh, this is the fruit of my labour: yet what I shall choose I wot not.
Philippians 1:23	For I am in a strait betwixt two, having a desire to depart, and to be with Christ; which is far better:
Philippians 1:24	Nevertheless to abide in the flesh is more needful for you.
Philippians 1:25	And having this confidence, I know that I shall abide and continue with you all for your furtherance and joy of faith;
Philippians 1:26	That your rejoicing may be more abundant in Jesus Christ for me by my coming to you again.
Philippians 1:27	Only let your conversation be as it becometh the gospel of Christ: that whether I come and see you, or else be absent, I may hear of your affairs, that ye stand fast in one spirit, with one mind striving together for the faith of the gospel;
Philippians 1:28	And in nothing terrified by your adversaries: which is to them an evident token of perdition, but to you of salvation, and that of God.
Philippians 1:29	For unto you it is given in the behalf of Christ, not only to believe on him, but also to suffer for his sake;
Philippians 1:30	Having the same conflict which ye saw in me, and now hear to be in me.
Philippians 2:1	If there be therefore any consolation in Christ, if any comfort of love, if any fellowship of the Spirit, if any bowels and mercies,
Philippians 2:2	Fulfil ye my joy, that ye be likeminded, having the same love, being of one accord, of one mind.
Philippians 2:3	Let nothing be done through strife or vainglory; but in lowliness of mind let each esteem other better than themselves.
Philippians 2:4	Look not every man on his own things, but every man also on the things of others.
Philippians 2:5	Let this mind be in you, which was also in Christ Jesus:
Philippians 2:6	Who, being in the form of God, thought it not robbery to be equal with God:
Philippians 2:7	But made himself of no reputation, and took upon him the form of a servant, and was made in the likeness of men:
Philippians 2:8	And being found in fashion as a man, he humbled himself, and became obedient unto death, even the death of the cross.
Philippians 2:9	Wherefore God also hath highly exalted him, and given him a name which is above every name:
