2 Corinthians 6:3	Giving no offence in any thing, that the ministry be not blamed:
2 Corinthians 6:4	But in all things approving ourselves as the ministers of God, in much patience, in afflictions, in necessities, in distresses,
2 Corinthians 6:5	In stripes, in imprisonments, in tumults, in labours, in watchings, in fastings;
2 Corinthians 6:6	By pureness, by knowledge, by longsuffering, by kindness, by the Holy Ghost, by love unfeigned,
2 Corinthians 6:7	By the word of truth, by the power of God, by the armour of righteousness on the right hand and on the left,
2 Corinthians 6:8	By honour and dishonour, by evil report and good report: as deceivers, and yet true;
2 Corinthians 6:9	As unknown, and yet well known; as dying, and, behold, we live; as chastened, and not killed;
2 Corinthians 6:10	As sorrowful, yet alway rejoicing; as poor, yet making many rich; as having nothing, and yet possessing all things.
2 Corinthians 6:11	O ye Corinthians, our mouth is open unto you, our heart is enlarged.
2 Corinthians 6:12	Ye are not straitened in us, but ye are straitened in your own bowels.
2 Corinthians 6:13	Now for a recompence in the same, (I speak as unto my children,) be ye also enlarged.
2 Corinthians 6:14	Be ye not unequally yoked together with unbelievers: for what fellowship hath righteousness with unrighteousness? and what communion hath light with darkness?
2 Corinthians 6:15	And what concord hath Christ with Belial? or what part hath he that believeth with an infidel?
2 Corinthians 6:16	And what agreement hath the temple of God with idols? for ye are the temple of the living God; as God hath said, I will dwell in them, and walk in them; and I will be their God, and they shall be my people.
2 Corinthians 6:17	Wherefore come out from among them, and be ye separate, saith the Lord, and touch not the unclean thing; and I will receive you.
2 Corinthians 6:18	And will be a Father unto you, and ye shall be my sons and daughters, saith the Lord Almighty.
2 Corinthians 7:1	Having therefore these promises, dearly beloved, let us cleanse ourselves from all filthiness of the flesh and spirit, perfecting holiness in the fear of God.
2 Corinthians 7:2	Receive us; we have wronged no man, we have corrupted no man, we have defrauded no man.
2 Corinthians 7:3	I speak not this to condemn you: for I have said before, that ye are in our hearts to die and live with you.
2 Corinthians 7:4	Great is my boldness of speech toward you, great is my glorying of you: I am filled with comfort, I am exceeding joyful in all our tribulation.
2 Corinthians 7:5	For, when we were come into Macedonia, our flesh had no rest, but we were troubled on every side; without were fightings, within were fears.
2 Corinthians 7:6	Nevertheless God, that comforteth those that are cast down, comforted us by the coming of Titus;
2 Corinthians 7:7	And not by his coming only, but by the consolation wherewith he was comforted in you, when he told us your earnest desire, your mourning, your fervent mind toward me; so that I rejoiced the more.
2 Corinthians 7:8	For though I made you sorry with a letter, I do not repent, though I did repent: for I perceive that the same epistle hath made you sorry, though it were but for a season.
2 Corinthians 7:9	Now I rejoice, not that ye were made sorry, but that ye sorrowed to repentance: for ye were made sorry after a godly manner, that ye might receive damage by us in nothing.
2 Corinthians 7:10	For godly sorrow worketh repentance to salvation not to be repented of: but the sorrow of the world worketh death.
2 Corinthians 7:11	For behold this selfsame thing, that ye sorrowed after a godly sort, what carefulness it wrought in you, yea, what clearing of yourselves, yea, what indignation, yea, what fear, yea, what vehement desire, yea, what zeal, yea, what revenge! In all things ye have approved yourselves to be clear in this matter.
2 Corinthians 7:12	Wherefore, though I wrote unto you, I did it not for his cause that had done the wrong, nor for his cause that suffered wrong, but that our care for you in the sight of God might appear unto you.
2 Corinthians 7:13	Therefore we were comforted in your comfort: yea, and exceedingly the more joyed we for the joy of Titus, because his spirit was refreshed by you all.
2 Corinthians 7:14	For if I have boasted any thing to him of you, I am not ashamed; but as we spake all things to you in truth, even so our boasting, which I made before Titus, is found a truth.
2 Corinthians 7:15	And his inward affection is more abundant toward you, whilst he remembereth the obedience of you all, how with fear and trembling ye received him.
2 Corinthians 7:16	I rejoice therefore that I have confidence in you in all things.
2 Corinthians 8:1	Moreover, brethren, we do you to wit of the grace of God bestowed on the churches of Macedonia;
2 Corinthians 8:2	How that in a great trial of affliction the abundance of their joy and their deep poverty abounded unto the riches of their liberality.
2 Corinthians 8:3	For to their power, I bear record, yea, and beyond their power they were willing of themselves;
2 Corinthians 8:4	Praying us with much intreaty that we would receive the gift, and take upon us the fellowship of the ministering to the saints.
2 Corinthians 8:5	And this they did, not as we hoped, but first gave their own selves to the Lord, and unto us by the will of God.
2 Corinthians 8:6	Insomuch that we desired Titus, that as he had begun, so he would also finish in you the same grace also.
2 Corinthians 8:7	Therefore, as ye abound in every thing, in faith, and utterance, and knowledge, and in all diligence, and in your love to us, see that ye abound in this grace also.
2 Corinthians 8:8	I speak not by commandment, but by occasion of the forwardness of others, and to prove the sincerity of your love.
2 Corinthians 8:9	For ye know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, that, though he was rich, yet for your sakes he became poor, that ye through his poverty might be rich.
2 Corinthians 8:10	And herein I give my advice: for this is expedient for you, who have begun before, not only to do, but also to be forward a year ago.
2 Corinthians 8:11	Now therefore perform the doing of it; that as there was a readiness to will, so there may be a performance also out of that which ye have.
2 Corinthians 8:12	For if there be first a willing mind, it is accepted according to that a man hath, and not according to that he hath not.
2 Corinthians 8:13	For I mean not that other men be eased, and ye burdened:
2 Corinthians 8:14	But by an equality, that now at this time your abundance may be a supply for their want, that their abundance also may be a supply for your want: that there may be equality:
2 Corinthians 8:15	As it is written, He that had gathered much had nothing over; and he that had gathered little had no lack.
2 Corinthians 8:16	But thanks be to God, which put the same earnest care into the heart of Titus for you.
2 Corinthians 8:17	For indeed he accepted the exhortation; but being more forward, of his own accord he went unto you.
2 Corinthians 8:18	And we have sent with him the brother, whose praise is in the gospel throughout all the churches;
