Acts 16:18	And this did she many days. But Paul, being grieved, turned and said to the spirit, I command thee in the name of Jesus Christ to come out of her. And he came out the same hour.
Acts 16:19	And when her masters saw that the hope of their gains was gone, they caught Paul and Silas, and drew them into the marketplace unto the rulers,
Acts 16:20	And brought them to the magistrates, saying, These men, being Jews, do exceedingly trouble our city,
Acts 16:21	And teach customs, which are not lawful for us to receive, neither to observe, being Romans.
Acts 16:22	And the multitude rose up together against them: and the magistrates rent off their clothes, and commanded to beat them.
Acts 16:23	And when they had laid many stripes upon them, they cast them into prison, charging the jailor to keep them safely:
Acts 16:24	Who, having received such a charge, thrust them into the inner prison, and made their feet fast in the stocks.
Acts 16:25	And at midnight Paul and Silas prayed, and sang praises unto God: and the prisoners heard them.
Acts 16:26	And suddenly there was a great earthquake, so that the foundations of the prison were shaken: and immediately all the doors were opened, and every one's bands were loosed.
Acts 16:27	And the keeper of the prison awaking out of his sleep, and seeing the prison doors open, he drew out his sword, and would have killed himself, supposing that the prisoners had been fled.
Acts 16:28	But Paul cried with a loud voice, saying, Do thyself no harm: for we are all here.
Acts 16:29	Then he called for a light, and sprang in, and came trembling, and fell down before Paul and Silas,
Acts 16:30	And brought them out, and said, Sirs, what must I do to be saved?
Acts 16:31	And they said, Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved, and thy house.
Acts 16:32	And they spake unto him the word of the Lord, and to all that were in his house.
Acts 16:33	And he took them the same hour of the night, and washed their stripes; and was baptized, he and all his, straightway.
Acts 16:34	And when he had brought them into his house, he set meat before them, and rejoiced, believing in God with all his house.
Acts 16:35	And when it was day, the magistrates sent the serjeants, saying, Let those men go.
Acts 16:36	And the keeper of the prison told this saying to Paul, The magistrates have sent to let you go: now therefore depart, and go in peace.
Acts 16:37	But Paul said unto them, They have beaten us openly uncondemned, being Romans, and have cast us into prison; and now do they thrust us out privily? nay verily; but let them come themselves and fetch us out.
Acts 16:38	And the serjeants told these words unto the magistrates: and they feared, when they heard that they were Romans.
Acts 16:39	And they came and besought them, and brought them out, and desired them to depart out of the city.
Acts 16:40	And they went out of the prison, and entered into the house of Lydia: and when they had seen the brethren, they comforted them, and departed.
Acts 17:1	Now when they had passed through Amphipolis and Apollonia, they came to Thessalonica, where was a synagogue of the Jews:
Acts 17:2	And Paul, as his manner was, went in unto them, and three sabbath days reasoned with them out of the scriptures,
Acts 17:3	Opening and alleging, that Christ must needs have suffered, and risen again from the dead; and that this Jesus, whom I preach unto you, is Christ.
Acts 17:4	And some of them believed, and consorted with Paul and Silas; and of the devout Greeks a great multitude, and of the chief women not a few.
Acts 17:5	But the Jews which believed not, moved with envy, took unto them certain lewd fellows of the baser sort, and gathered a company, and set all the city on an uproar, and assaulted the house of Jason, and sought to bring them out to the people.
Acts 17:6	And when they found them not, they drew Jason and certain brethren unto the rulers of the city, crying, These that have turned the world upside down are come hither also;
Acts 17:7	Whom Jason hath received: and these all do contrary to the decrees of Caesar, saying that there is another king, one Jesus.
Acts 17:8	And they troubled the people and the rulers of the city, when they heard these things.
Acts 17:9	And when they had taken security of Jason, and of the other, they let them go.
Acts 17:10	And the brethren immediately sent away Paul and Silas by night unto Berea: who coming thither went into the synagogue of the Jews.
Acts 17:11	These were more noble than those in Thessalonica, in that they received the word with all readiness of mind, and searched the scriptures daily, whether those things were so.
Acts 17:12	Therefore many of them believed; also of honourable women which were Greeks, and of men, not a few.
Acts 17:13	But when the Jews of Thessalonica had knowledge that the word of God was preached of Paul at Berea, they came thither also, and stirred up the people.
Acts 17:14	And then immediately the brethren sent away Paul to go as it were to the sea: but Silas and Timotheus abode there still.
Acts 17:15	And they that conducted Paul brought him unto Athens: and receiving a commandment unto Silas and Timotheus for to come to him with all speed, they departed.
Acts 17:16	Now while Paul waited for them at Athens, his spirit was stirred in him, when he saw the city wholly given to idolatry.
Acts 17:17	Therefore disputed he in the synagogue with the Jews, and with the devout persons, and in the market daily with them that met with him.
Acts 17:18	Then certain philosophers of the Epicureans, and of the Stoicks, encountered him. And some said, What will this babbler say? other some, He seemeth to be a setter forth of strange gods: because he preached unto them Jesus, and the resurrection.
Acts 17:19	And they took him, and brought him unto Areopagus, saying, May we know what this new doctrine, whereof thou speakest, is?
Acts 17:20	For thou bringest certain strange things to our ears: we would know therefore what these things mean.
Acts 17:21	(For all the Athenians and strangers which were there spent their time in nothing else, but either to tell, or to hear some new thing.)
Acts 17:22	Then Paul stood in the midst of Mars' hill, and said, Ye men of Athens, I perceive that in all things ye are too superstitious.
Acts 17:23	For as I passed by, and beheld your devotions, I found an altar with this inscription, TO THE UNKNOWN GOD. Whom therefore ye ignorantly worship, him declare I unto you.
Acts 17:24	God that made the world and all things therein, seeing that he is Lord of heaven and earth, dwelleth not in temples made with hands;
Acts 17:25	Neither is worshipped with men's hands, as though he needed any thing, seeing he giveth to all life, and breath, and all things;
Acts 17:26	And hath made of one blood all nations of men for to dwell on all the face of the earth, and hath determined the times before appointed, and the bounds of their habitation;
Acts 17:27	That they should seek the Lord, if haply they might feel after him, and find him, though he be not far from every one of us:
