Luke 18:13	And the publican, standing afar off, would not lift up so much as his eyes unto heaven, but smote upon his breast, saying, God be merciful to me a sinner.
Luke 18:14	I tell you, this man went down to his house justified rather than the other: for every one that exalteth himself shall be abased; and he that humbleth himself shall be exalted.
Luke 18:15	And they brought unto him also infants, that he would touch them: but when his disciples saw it, they rebuked them.
Luke 18:16	But Jesus called them unto him, and said, Suffer little children to come unto me, and forbid them not: for of such is the kingdom of God.
Luke 18:17	Verily I say unto you, Whosoever shall not receive the kingdom of God as a little child shall in no wise enter therein.
Luke 18:18	And a certain ruler asked him, saying, Good Master, what shall I do to inherit eternal life?
Luke 18:19	And Jesus said unto him, Why callest thou me good? none is good, save one, that is, God.
Luke 18:20	Thou knowest the commandments, Do not commit adultery, Do not kill, Do not steal, Do not bear false witness, Honour thy father and thy mother.
Luke 18:21	And he said, All these have I kept from my youth up.
Luke 18:22	Now when Jesus heard these things, he said unto him, Yet lackest thou one thing: sell all that thou hast, and distribute unto the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven: and come, follow me.
Luke 18:23	And when he heard this, he was very sorrowful: for he was very rich.
Luke 18:24	And when Jesus saw that he was very sorrowful, he said, How hardly shall they that have riches enter into the kingdom of God!
Luke 18:25	For it is easier for a camel to go through a needle's eye, than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God.
Luke 18:26	And they that heard it said, Who then can be saved?
Luke 18:27	And he said, The things which are impossible with men are possible with God.
Luke 18:28	Then Peter said, Lo, we have left all, and followed thee.
Luke 18:29	And he said unto them, Verily I say unto you, There is no man that hath left house, or parents, or brethren, or wife, or children, for the kingdom of God's sake,
Luke 18:30	Who shall not receive manifold more in this present time, and in the world to come life everlasting.
Luke 18:31	Then he took unto him the twelve, and said unto them, Behold, we go up to Jerusalem, and all things that are written by the prophets concerning the Son of man shall be accomplished.
Luke 18:32	For he shall be delivered unto the Gentiles, and shall be mocked, and spitefully entreated, and spitted on:
Luke 18:33	And they shall scourge him, and put him to death: and the third day he shall rise again.
Luke 18:34	And they understood none of these things: and this saying was hid from them, neither knew they the things which were spoken.
Luke 18:35	And it came to pass, that as he was come nigh unto Jericho, a certain blind man sat by the way side begging:
Luke 18:36	And hearing the multitude pass by, he asked what it meant.
Luke 18:37	And they told him, that Jesus of Nazareth passeth by.
Luke 18:38	And he cried, saying, Jesus, thou son of David, have mercy on me.
Luke 18:39	And they which went before rebuked him, that he should hold his peace: but he cried so much the more, Thou son of David, have mercy on me.
Luke 18:40	And Jesus stood, and commanded him to be brought unto him: and when he was come near, he asked him,
Luke 18:41	Saying, What wilt thou that I shall do unto thee? And he said, Lord, that I may receive my sight.
Luke 18:42	And Jesus said unto him, Receive thy sight: thy faith hath saved thee.
Luke 18:43	And immediately he received his sight, and followed him, glorifying God: and all the people, when they saw it, gave praise unto God.
Luke 19:1	And Jesus entered and passed through Jericho.
Luke 19:2	And, behold, there was a man named Zacchaeus, which was the chief among the publicans, and he was rich.
Luke 19:3	And he sought to see Jesus who he was; and could not for the press, because he was little of stature.
Luke 19:4	And he ran before, and climbed up into a sycomore tree to see him: for he was to pass that way.
Luke 19:5	And when Jesus came to the place, he looked up, and saw him, and said unto him, Zacchaeus, make haste, and come down; for to day I must abide at thy house.
Luke 19:6	And he made haste, and came down, and received him joyfully.
Luke 19:7	And when they saw it, they all murmured, saying, That he was gone to be guest with a man that is a sinner.
Luke 19:8	And Zacchaeus stood, and said unto the Lord: Behold, Lord, the half of my goods I give to the poor; and if I have taken any thing from any man by false accusation, I restore him fourfold.
Luke 19:9	And Jesus said unto him, This day is salvation come to this house, forsomuch as he also is a son of Abraham.
Luke 19:10	For the Son of man is come to seek and to save that which was lost.
Luke 19:11	And as they heard these things, he added and spake a parable, because he was nigh to Jerusalem, and because they thought that the kingdom of God should immediately appear.
Luke 19:12	He said therefore, A certain nobleman went into a far country to receive for himself a kingdom, and to return.
Luke 19:13	And he called his ten servants, and delivered them ten pounds, and said unto them, Occupy till I come.
Luke 19:14	But his citizens hated him, and sent a message after him, saying, We will not have this man to reign over us.
Luke 19:15	And it came to pass, that when he was returned, having received the kingdom, then he commanded these servants to be called unto him, to whom he had given the money, that he might know how much every man had gained by trading.
Luke 19:16	Then came the first, saying, Lord, thy pound hath gained ten pounds.
Luke 19:17	And he said unto him, Well, thou good servant: because thou hast been faithful in a very little, have thou authority over ten cities.
Luke 19:18	And the second came, saying, Lord, thy pound hath gained five pounds.
Luke 19:19	And he said likewise to him, Be thou also over five cities.
