Luke 1:58	And her neighbours and her cousins heard how the Lord had shewed great mercy upon her; and they rejoiced with her.
Luke 1:59	And it came to pass, that on the eighth day they came to circumcise the child; and they called him Zacharias, after the name of his father.
Luke 1:60	And his mother answered and said, Not so; but he shall be called John.
Luke 1:61	And they said unto her, There is none of thy kindred that is called by this name.
Luke 1:62	And they made signs to his father, how he would have him called.
Luke 1:63	And he asked for a writing table, and wrote, saying, His name is John. And they marvelled all.
Luke 1:64	And his mouth was opened immediately, and his tongue loosed, and he spake, and praised God.
Luke 1:65	And fear came on all that dwelt round about them: and all these sayings were noised abroad throughout all the hill country of Judaea.
Luke 1:66	And all they that heard them laid them up in their hearts, saying, What manner of child shall this be! And the hand of the Lord was with him.
Luke 1:67	And his father Zacharias was filled with the Holy Ghost, and prophesied, saying,
Luke 1:68	Blessed be the Lord God of Israel; for he hath visited and redeemed his people,
Luke 1:69	And hath raised up an horn of salvation for us in the house of his servant David;
Luke 1:70	As he spake by the mouth of his holy prophets, which have been since the world began:
Luke 1:71	That we should be saved from our enemies, and from the hand of all that hate us;
Luke 1:72	To perform the mercy promised to our fathers, and to remember his holy covenant;
Luke 1:73	The oath which he sware to our father Abraham,
Luke 1:74	That he would grant unto us, that we being delivered out of the hand of our enemies might serve him without fear,
Luke 1:75	In holiness and righteousness before him, all the days of our life.
Luke 1:76	And thou, child, shalt be called the prophet of the Highest: for thou shalt go before the face of the Lord to prepare his ways;
Luke 1:77	To give knowledge of salvation unto his people by the remission of their sins,
Luke 1:78	Through the tender mercy of our God; whereby the dayspring from on high hath visited us,
Luke 1:79	To give light to them that sit in darkness and in the shadow of death, to guide our feet into the way of peace.
Luke 1:80	And the child grew, and waxed strong in spirit, and was in the deserts till the day of his shewing unto Israel.
Luke 2:1	And it came to pass in those days, that there went out a decree from Caesar Augustus that all the world should be taxed.
Luke 2:2	(And this taxing was first made when Cyrenius was governor of Syria.)
Luke 2:3	And all went to be taxed, every one into his own city.
Luke 2:4	And Joseph also went up from Galilee, out of the city of Nazareth, into Judaea, unto the city of David, which is called Bethlehem; (because he was of the house and lineage of David:)
Luke 2:5	To be taxed with Mary his espoused wife, being great with child.
Luke 2:6	And so it was, that, while they were there, the days were accomplished that she should be delivered.
Luke 2:7	And she brought forth her firstborn son, and wrapped him in swaddling clothes, and laid him in a manger; because there was no room for them in the inn.
Luke 2:8	And there were in the same country shepherds abiding in the field, keeping watch over their flock by night.
Luke 2:9	And, lo, the angel of the Lord came upon them, and the glory of the Lord shone round about them: and they were sore afraid.
Luke 2:10	And the angel said unto them, Fear not: for, behold, I bring you good tidings of great joy, which shall be to all people.
Luke 2:11	For unto you is born this day in the city of David a Saviour, which is Christ the Lord.
Luke 2:12	And this shall be a sign unto you; Ye shall find the babe wrapped in swaddling clothes, lying in a manger.
Luke 2:13	And suddenly there was with the angel a multitude of the heavenly host praising God, and saying,
Luke 2:14	Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace, good will toward men.
Luke 2:15	And it came to pass, as the angels were gone away from them into heaven, the shepherds said one to another, Let us now go even unto Bethlehem, and see this thing which is come to pass, which the Lord hath made known unto us.
Luke 2:16	And they came with haste, and found Mary, and Joseph, and the babe lying in a manger.
Luke 2:17	And when they had seen it, they made known abroad the saying which was told them concerning this child.
Luke 2:18	And all they that heard it wondered at those things which were told them by the shepherds.
Luke 2:19	But Mary kept all these things, and pondered them in her heart.
Luke 2:20	And the shepherds returned, glorifying and praising God for all the things that they had heard and seen, as it was told unto them.
Luke 2:21	And when eight days were accomplished for the circumcising of the child, his name was called JESUS, which was so named of the angel before he was conceived in the womb.
Luke 2:22	And when the days of her purification according to the law of Moses were accomplished, they brought him to Jerusalem, to present him to the Lord;
Luke 2:23	(As it is written in the law of the LORD, Every male that openeth the womb shall be called holy to the Lord;)
Luke 2:24	And to offer a sacrifice according to that which is said in the law of the Lord, A pair of turtledoves, or two young pigeons.
Luke 2:25	And, behold, there was a man in Jerusalem, whose name was Simeon; and the same man was just and devout, waiting for the consolation of Israel: and the Holy Ghost was upon him.
Luke 2:26	And it was revealed unto him by the Holy Ghost, that he should not see death, before he had seen the Lord's Christ.
Luke 2:27	And he came by the Spirit into the temple: and when the parents brought in the child Jesus, to do for him after the custom of the law,
