Luke 19:20	And another came, saying, Lord, behold, here is thy pound, which I have kept laid up in a napkin:
Luke 19:21	For I feared thee, because thou art an austere man: thou takest up that thou layedst not down, and reapest that thou didst not sow.
Luke 19:22	And he saith unto him, Out of thine own mouth will I judge thee, thou wicked servant. Thou knewest that I was an austere man, taking up that I laid not down, and reaping that I did not sow:
Luke 19:23	Wherefore then gavest not thou my money into the bank, that at my coming I might have required mine own with usury?
Luke 19:24	And he said unto them that stood by, Take from him the pound, and give it to him that hath ten pounds.
Luke 19:25	(And they said unto him, Lord, he hath ten pounds.)
Luke 19:26	For I say unto you, That unto every one which hath shall be given; and from him that hath not, even that he hath shall be taken away from him.
Luke 19:27	But those mine enemies, which would not that I should reign over them, bring hither, and slay them before me.
Luke 19:28	And when he had thus spoken, he went before, ascending up to Jerusalem.
Luke 19:29	And it came to pass, when he was come nigh to Bethphage and Bethany, at the mount called the mount of Olives, he sent two of his disciples,
Luke 19:30	Saying, Go ye into the village over against you; in the which at your entering ye shall find a colt tied, whereon yet never man sat: loose him, and bring him hither.
Luke 19:31	And if any man ask you, Why do ye loose him? thus shall ye say unto him, Because the Lord hath need of him.
Luke 19:32	And they that were sent went their way, and found even as he had said unto them.
Luke 19:33	And as they were loosing the colt, the owners thereof said unto them, Why loose ye the colt?
Luke 19:34	And they said, The Lord hath need of him.
Luke 19:35	And they brought him to Jesus: and they cast their garments upon the colt, and they set Jesus thereon.
Luke 19:36	And as he went, they spread their clothes in the way.
Luke 19:37	And when he was come nigh, even now at the descent of the mount of Olives, the whole multitude of the disciples began to rejoice and praise God with a loud voice for all the mighty works that they had seen;
Luke 19:38	Saying, Blessed be the King that cometh in the name of the Lord: peace in heaven, and glory in the highest.
Luke 19:39	And some of the Pharisees from among the multitude said unto him, Master, rebuke thy disciples.
Luke 19:40	And he answered and said unto them, I tell you that, if these should hold their peace, the stones would immediately cry out.
Luke 19:41	And when he was come near, he beheld the city, and wept over it,
Luke 19:42	Saying, If thou hadst known, even thou, at least in this thy day, the things which belong unto thy peace! but now they are hid from thine eyes.
Luke 19:43	For the days shall come upon thee, that thine enemies shall cast a trench about thee, and compass thee round, and keep thee in on every side,
Luke 19:44	And shall lay thee even with the ground, and thy children within thee; and they shall not leave in thee one stone upon another; because thou knewest not the time of thy visitation.
Luke 19:45	And he went into the temple, and began to cast out them that sold therein, and them that bought;
Luke 19:46	Saying unto them, It is written, My house is the house of prayer: but ye have made it a den of thieves.
Luke 19:47	And he taught daily in the temple. But the chief priests and the scribes and the chief of the people sought to destroy him,
Luke 19:48	And could not find what they might do: for all the people were very attentive to hear him.
Luke 20:1	And it came to pass, that on one of those days, as he taught the people in the temple, and preached the gospel, the chief priests and the scribes came upon him with the elders,
Luke 20:2	And spake unto him, saying, Tell us, by what authority doest thou these things? or who is he that gave thee this authority?
Luke 20:3	And he answered and said unto them, I will also ask you one thing; and answer me:
Luke 20:4	The baptism of John, was it from heaven, or of men?
Luke 20:5	And they reasoned with themselves, saying, If we shall say, From heaven; he will say, Why then believed ye him not?
Luke 20:6	But and if we say, Of men; all the people will stone us: for they be persuaded that John was a prophet.
Luke 20:7	And they answered, that they could not tell whence it was.
Luke 20:8	And Jesus said unto them, Neither tell I you by what authority I do these things.
Luke 20:9	Then began he to speak to the people this parable; A certain man planted a vineyard, and let it forth to husbandmen, and went into a far country for a long time.
Luke 20:10	And at the season he sent a servant to the husbandmen, that they should give him of the fruit of the vineyard: but the husbandmen beat him, and sent him away empty.
Luke 20:11	And again he sent another servant: and they beat him also, and entreated him shamefully, and sent him away empty.
Luke 20:12	And again he sent a third: and they wounded him also, and cast him out.
Luke 20:13	Then said the lord of the vineyard, What shall I do? I will send my beloved son: it may be they will reverence him when they see him.
Luke 20:14	But when the husbandmen saw him, they reasoned among themselves, saying, This is the heir: come, let us kill him, that the inheritance may be ours.
Luke 20:15	So they cast him out of the vineyard, and killed him. What therefore shall the lord of the vineyard do unto them?
Luke 20:16	He shall come and destroy these husbandmen, and shall give the vineyard to others. And when they heard it, they said, God forbid.
Luke 20:17	And he beheld them, and said, What is this then that is written, The stone which the builders rejected, the same is become the head of the corner?
Luke 20:18	Whosoever shall fall upon that stone shall be broken; but on whomsoever it shall fall, it will grind him to powder.
Luke 20:19	And the chief priests and the scribes the same hour sought to lay hands on him; and they feared the people: for they perceived that he had spoken this parable against them.
Luke 20:20	And they watched him, and sent forth spies, which should feign themselves just men, that they might take hold of his words, that so they might deliver him unto the power and authority of the governor.
Luke 20:21	And they asked him, saying, Master, we know that thou sayest and teachest rightly, neither acceptest thou the person of any, but teachest the way of God truly:
