John 15:2	Every branch in me that beareth not fruit he taketh away: and every branch that beareth fruit, he purgeth it, that it may bring forth more fruit.
John 15:3	Now ye are clean through the word which I have spoken unto you.
John 15:4	Abide in me, and I in you. As the branch cannot bear fruit of itself, except it abide in the vine; no more can ye, except ye abide in me.
John 15:5	I am the vine, ye are the branches: He that abideth in me, and I in him, the same bringeth forth much fruit: for without me ye can do nothing.
John 15:6	If a man abide not in me, he is cast forth as a branch, and is withered; and men gather them, and cast them into the fire, and they are burned.
John 15:7	If ye abide in me, and my words abide in you, ye shall ask what ye will, and it shall be done unto you.
John 15:8	Herein is my Father glorified, that ye bear much fruit; so shall ye be my disciples.
John 15:9	As the Father hath loved me, so have I loved you: continue ye in my love.
John 15:10	If ye keep my commandments, ye shall abide in my love; even as I have kept my Father's commandments, and abide in his love.
John 15:11	These things have I spoken unto you, that my joy might remain in you, and that your joy might be full.
John 15:12	This is my commandment, That ye love one another, as I have loved you.
John 15:13	Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends.
John 15:14	Ye are my friends, if ye do whatsoever I command you.
John 15:15	Henceforth I call you not servants; for the servant knoweth not what his lord doeth: but I have called you friends; for all things that I have heard of my Father I have made known unto you.
John 15:16	Ye have not chosen me, but I have chosen you, and ordained you, that ye should go and bring forth fruit, and that your fruit should remain: that whatsoever ye shall ask of the Father in my name, he may give it you.
John 15:17	These things I command you, that ye love one another.
John 15:18	If the world hate you, ye know that it hated me before it hated you.
John 15:19	If ye were of the world, the world would love his own: but because ye are not of the world, but I have chosen you out of the world, therefore the world hateth you.
John 15:20	Remember the word that I said unto you, The servant is not greater than his lord. If they have persecuted me, they will also persecute you; if they have kept my saying, they will keep yours also.
John 15:21	But all these things will they do unto you for my name's sake, because they know not him that sent me.
John 15:22	If I had not come and spoken unto them, they had not had sin: but now they have no cloak for their sin.
John 15:23	He that hateth me hateth my Father also.
John 15:24	If I had not done among them the works which none other man did, they had not had sin: but now have they both seen and hated both me and my Father.
John 15:25	But this cometh to pass, that the word might be fulfilled that is written in their law, They hated me without a cause.
John 15:26	But when the Comforter is come, whom I will send unto you from the Father, even the Spirit of truth, which proceedeth from the Father, he shall testify of me:
John 15:27	And ye also shall bear witness, because ye have been with me from the beginning.
John 16:1	These things have I spoken unto you, that ye should not be offended.
John 16:2	They shall put you out of the synagogues: yea, the time cometh, that whosoever killeth you will think that he doeth God service.
John 16:3	And these things will they do unto you, because they have not known the Father, nor me.
John 16:4	But these things have I told you, that when the time shall come, ye may remember that I told you of them. And these things I said not unto you at the beginning, because I was with you.
John 16:5	But now I go my way to him that sent me; and none of you asketh me, Whither goest thou?
John 16:6	But because I have said these things unto you, sorrow hath filled your heart.
John 16:7	Nevertheless I tell you the truth; It is expedient for you that I go away: for if I go not away, the Comforter will not come unto you; but if I depart, I will send him unto you.
John 16:8	And when he is come, he will reprove the world of sin, and of righteousness, and of judgment:
John 16:9	Of sin, because they believe not on me;
John 16:10	Of righteousness, because I go to my Father, and ye see me no more;
John 16:11	Of judgment, because the prince of this world is judged.
John 16:12	I have yet many things to say unto you, but ye cannot bear them now.
John 16:13	Howbeit when he, the Spirit of truth, is come, he will guide you into all truth: for he shall not speak of himself; but whatsoever he shall hear, that shall he speak: and he will shew you things to come.
John 16:14	He shall glorify me: for he shall receive of mine, and shall shew it unto you.
John 16:15	All things that the Father hath are mine: therefore said I, that he shall take of mine, and shall shew it unto you.
John 16:16	A little while, and ye shall not see me: and again, a little while, and ye shall see me, because I go to the Father.
John 16:17	Then said some of his disciples among themselves, What is this that he saith unto us, A little while, and ye shall not see me: and again, a little while, and ye shall see me: and, Because I go to the Father?
John 16:18	They said therefore, What is this that he saith, A little while? we cannot tell what he saith.
John 16:19	Now Jesus knew that they were desirous to ask him, and said unto them, Do ye enquire among yourselves of that I said, A little while, and ye shall not see me: and again, a little while, and ye shall see me?
John 16:20	Verily, verily, I say unto you, That ye shall weep and lament, but the world shall rejoice: and ye shall be sorrowful, but your sorrow shall be turned into joy.
John 16:21	A woman when she is in travail hath sorrow, because her hour is come: but as soon as she is delivered of the child, she remembereth no more the anguish, for joy that a man is born into the world.
John 16:22	And ye now therefore have sorrow: but I will see you again, and your heart shall rejoice, and your joy no man taketh from you.
John 16:23	And in that day ye shall ask me nothing. Verily, verily, I say unto you, Whatsoever ye shall ask the Father in my name, he will give it you.
John 16:24	Hitherto have ye asked nothing in my name: ask, and ye shall receive, that your joy may be full.
