2 Corinthians 1:1	Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God, and Timothy our brother, unto the church of God which is at Corinth, with all the saints which are in all Achaia:
2 Corinthians 1:2	Grace be to you and peace from God our Father, and from the Lord Jesus Christ.
2 Corinthians 1:3	Blessed be God, even the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of mercies, and the God of all comfort;
2 Corinthians 1:4	Who comforteth us in all our tribulation, that we may be able to comfort them which are in any trouble, by the comfort wherewith we ourselves are comforted of God.
2 Corinthians 1:5	For as the sufferings of Christ abound in us, so our consolation also aboundeth by Christ.
2 Corinthians 1:6	And whether we be afflicted, it is for your consolation and salvation, which is effectual in the enduring of the same sufferings which we also suffer: or whether we be comforted, it is for your consolation and salvation.
2 Corinthians 1:7	And our hope of you is stedfast, knowing, that as ye are partakers of the sufferings, so shall ye be also of the consolation.
2 Corinthians 1:8	For we would not, brethren, have you ignorant of our trouble which came to us in Asia, that we were pressed out of measure, above strength, insomuch that we despaired even of life:
2 Corinthians 1:9	But we had the sentence of death in ourselves, that we should not trust in ourselves, but in God which raiseth the dead:
2 Corinthians 1:10	Who delivered us from so great a death, and doth deliver: in whom we trust that he will yet deliver us;
2 Corinthians 1:11	Ye also helping together by prayer for us, that for the gift bestowed upon us by the means of many persons thanks may be given by many on our behalf.
2 Corinthians 1:12	For our rejoicing is this, the testimony of our conscience, that in simplicity and godly sincerity, not with fleshly wisdom, but by the grace of God, we have had our conversation in the world, and more abundantly to you-ward.
2 Corinthians 1:13	For we write none other things unto you, than what ye read or acknowledge; and I trust ye shall acknowledge even to the end;
2 Corinthians 1:14	As also ye have acknowledged us in part, that we are your rejoicing, even as ye also are our's in the day of the Lord Jesus.
2 Corinthians 1:15	And in this confidence I was minded to come unto you before, that ye might have a second benefit;
2 Corinthians 1:16	And to pass by you into Macedonia, and to come again out of Macedonia unto you, and of you to be brought on my way toward Judaea.
2 Corinthians 1:17	When I therefore was thus minded, did I use lightness? or the things that I purpose, do I purpose according to the flesh, that with me there should be yea yea, and nay nay?
2 Corinthians 1:18	But as God is true, our word toward you was not yea and nay.
2 Corinthians 1:19	For the Son of God, Jesus Christ, who was preached among you by us, even by me and Silvanus and Timotheus, was not yea and nay, but in him was yea.
2 Corinthians 1:20	For all the promises of God in him are yea, and in him Amen, unto the glory of God by us.
2 Corinthians 1:21	Now he which stablisheth us with you in Christ, and hath anointed us, is God;
2 Corinthians 1:22	Who hath also sealed us, and given the earnest of the Spirit in our hearts.
2 Corinthians 1:23	Moreover I call God for a record upon my soul, that to spare you I came not as yet unto Corinth.
2 Corinthians 1:24	Not for that we have dominion over your faith, but are helpers of your joy: for by faith ye stand.
2 Corinthians 2:1	But I determined this with myself, that I would not come again to you in heaviness.
2 Corinthians 2:2	For if I make you sorry, who is he then that maketh me glad, but the same which is made sorry by me?
2 Corinthians 2:3	And I wrote this same unto you, lest, when I came, I should have sorrow from them of whom I ought to rejoice; having confidence in you all, that my joy is the joy of you all.
2 Corinthians 2:4	For out of much affliction and anguish of heart I wrote unto you with many tears; not that ye should be grieved, but that ye might know the love which I have more abundantly unto you.
2 Corinthians 2:5	But if any have caused grief, he hath not grieved me, but in part: that I may not overcharge you all.
2 Corinthians 2:6	Sufficient to such a man is this punishment, which was inflicted of many.
2 Corinthians 2:7	So that contrariwise ye ought rather to forgive him, and comfort him, lest perhaps such a one should be swallowed up with overmuch sorrow.
2 Corinthians 2:8	Wherefore I beseech you that ye would confirm your love toward him.
2 Corinthians 2:9	For to this end also did I write, that I might know the proof of you, whether ye be obedient in all things.
2 Corinthians 2:10	To whom ye forgive any thing, I forgive also: for if I forgave any thing, to whom I forgave it, for your sakes forgave I it in the person of Christ;
2 Corinthians 2:11	Lest Satan should get an advantage of us: for we are not ignorant of his devices.
2 Corinthians 2:12	Furthermore, when I came to Troas to preach Christ's gospel, and a door was opened unto me of the Lord,
2 Corinthians 2:13	I had no rest in my spirit, because I found not Titus my brother: but taking my leave of them, I went from thence into Macedonia.
2 Corinthians 2:14	Now thanks be unto God, which always causeth us to triumph in Christ, and maketh manifest the savour of his knowledge by us in every place.
2 Corinthians 2:15	For we are unto God a sweet savour of Christ, in them that are saved, and in them that perish:
2 Corinthians 2:16	To the one we are the savour of death unto death; and to the other the savour of life unto life. And who is sufficient for these things?
2 Corinthians 2:17	For we are not as many, which corrupt the word of God: but as of sincerity, but as of God, in the sight of God speak we in Christ.
2 Corinthians 3:1	Do we begin again to commend ourselves? or need we, as some others, epistles of commendation to you, or letters of commendation from you?
2 Corinthians 3:2	Ye are our epistle written in our hearts, known and read of all men:
2 Corinthians 3:3	Forasmuch as ye are manifestly declared to be the epistle of Christ ministered by us, written not with ink, but with the Spirit of the living God; not in tables of stone, but in fleshy tables of the heart.
2 Corinthians 3:4	And such trust have we through Christ to God-ward:
2 Corinthians 3:5	Not that we are sufficient of ourselves to think any thing as of ourselves; but our sufficiency is of God;
2 Corinthians 3:6	Who also hath made us able ministers of the new testament; not of the letter, but of the spirit: for the letter killeth, but the spirit giveth life.
2 Corinthians 3:7	But if the ministration of death, written and engraven in stones, was glorious, so that the children of Israel could not stedfastly behold the face of Moses for the glory of his countenance; which glory was to be done away:
2 Corinthians 3:8	How shall not the ministration of the spirit be rather glorious?
2 Corinthians 3:9	For if the ministration of condemnation be glory, much more doth the ministration of righteousness exceed in glory.
