Philippians 2:10	That at the name of Jesus every knee should bow, of things in heaven, and things in earth, and things under the earth;
Philippians 2:11	And that every tongue should confess that Jesus Christ is Lord, to the glory of God the Father.
Philippians 2:12	Wherefore, my beloved, as ye have always obeyed, not as in my presence only, but now much more in my absence, work out your own salvation with fear and trembling.
Philippians 2:13	For it is God which worketh in you both to will and to do of his good pleasure.
Philippians 2:14	Do all things without murmurings and disputings:
Philippians 2:15	That ye may be blameless and harmless, the sons of God, without rebuke, in the midst of a crooked and perverse nation, among whom ye shine as lights in the world;
Philippians 2:16	Holding forth the word of life; that I may rejoice in the day of Christ, that I have not run in vain, neither laboured in vain.
Philippians 2:17	Yea, and if I be offered upon the sacrifice and service of your faith, I joy, and rejoice with you all.
Philippians 2:18	For the same cause also do ye joy, and rejoice with me.
Philippians 2:19	But I trust in the Lord Jesus to send Timotheus shortly unto you, that I also may be of good comfort, when I know your state.
Philippians 2:20	For I have no man likeminded, who will naturally care for your state.
Philippians 2:21	For all seek their own, not the things which are Jesus Christ's.
Philippians 2:22	But ye know the proof of him, that, as a son with the father, he hath served with me in the gospel.
Philippians 2:23	Him therefore I hope to send presently, so soon as I shall see how it will go with me.
Philippians 2:24	But I trust in the Lord that I also myself shall come shortly.
Philippians 2:25	Yet I supposed it necessary to send to you Epaphroditus, my brother, and companion in labour, and fellowsoldier, but your messenger, and he that ministered to my wants.
Philippians 2:26	For he longed after you all, and was full of heaviness, because that ye had heard that he had been sick.
Philippians 2:27	For indeed he was sick nigh unto death: but God had mercy on him; and not on him only, but on me also, lest I should have sorrow upon sorrow.
Philippians 2:28	I sent him therefore the more carefully, that, when ye see him again, ye may rejoice, and that I may be the less sorrowful.
Philippians 2:29	Receive him therefore in the Lord with all gladness; and hold such in reputation:
Philippians 2:30	Because for the work of Christ he was nigh unto death, not regarding his life, to supply your lack of service toward me.
Philippians 3:1	Finally, my brethren, rejoice in the Lord. To write the same things to you, to me indeed is not grievous, but for you it is safe.
Philippians 3:2	Beware of dogs, beware of evil workers, beware of the concision.
Philippians 3:3	For we are the circumcision, which worship God in the spirit, and rejoice in Christ Jesus, and have no confidence in the flesh.
Philippians 3:4	Though I might also have confidence in the flesh. If any other man thinketh that he hath whereof he might trust in the flesh, I more:
Philippians 3:5	Circumcised the eighth day, of the stock of Israel, of the tribe of Benjamin, an Hebrew of the Hebrews; as touching the law, a Pharisee;
Philippians 3:6	Concerning zeal, persecuting the church; touching the righteousness which is in the law, blameless.
Philippians 3:7	But what things were gain to me, those I counted loss for Christ.
Philippians 3:8	Yea doubtless, and I count all things but loss for the excellency of the knowledge of Christ Jesus my Lord: for whom I have suffered the loss of all things, and do count them but dung, that I may win Christ,
Philippians 3:9	And be found in him, not having mine own righteousness, which is of the law, but that which is through the faith of Christ, the righteousness which is of God by faith:
Philippians 3:10	That I may know him, and the power of his resurrection, and the fellowship of his sufferings, being made conformable unto his death;
Philippians 3:11	If by any means I might attain unto the resurrection of the dead.
Philippians 3:12	Not as though I had already attained, either were already perfect: but I follow after, if that I may apprehend that for which also I am apprehended of Christ Jesus.
Philippians 3:13	Brethren, I count not myself to have apprehended: but this one thing I do, forgetting those things which are behind, and reaching forth unto those things which are before,
Philippians 3:14	I press toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus.
Philippians 3:15	Let us therefore, as many as be perfect, be thus minded: and if in any thing ye be otherwise minded, God shall reveal even this unto you.
Philippians 3:16	Nevertheless, whereto we have already attained, let us walk by the same rule, let us mind the same thing.
Philippians 3:17	Brethren, be followers together of me, and mark them which walk so as ye have us for an ensample.
Philippians 3:18	(For many walk, of whom I have told you often, and now tell you even weeping, that they are the enemies of the cross of Christ:
Philippians 3:19	Whose end is destruction, whose God is their belly, and whose glory is in their shame, who mind earthly things.)
Philippians 3:20	For our conversation is in heaven; from whence also we look for the Saviour, the Lord Jesus Christ:
Philippians 3:21	Who shall change our vile body, that it may be fashioned like unto his glorious body, according to the working whereby he is able even to subdue all things unto himself.
Philippians 4:1	Therefore, my brethren dearly beloved and longed for, my joy and crown, so stand fast in the Lord, my dearly beloved.
Philippians 4:2	I beseech Euodias, and beseech Syntyche, that they be of the same mind in the Lord.
Philippians 4:3	And I intreat thee also, true yokefellow, help those women which laboured with me in the gospel, with Clement also, and with other my fellowlabourers, whose names are in the book of life.
Philippians 4:4	Rejoice in the Lord alway: and again I say, Rejoice.
Philippians 4:5	Let your moderation be known unto all men. The Lord is at hand.
Philippians 4:6	Be careful for nothing; but in every thing by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving let your requests be made known unto God.
Philippians 4:7	And the peace of God, which passeth all understanding, shall keep your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus.
Philippians 4:8	Finally, brethren, whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things are honest, whatsoever things are just, whatsoever things are pure, whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are of good report; if there be any virtue, and if there be any praise, think on these things.
