1 Timothy 1:5	Now the end of the commandment is charity out of a pure heart, and of a good conscience, and of faith unfeigned:
1 Timothy 1:6	From which some having swerved have turned aside unto vain jangling;
1 Timothy 1:7	Desiring to be teachers of the law; understanding neither what they say, nor whereof they affirm.
1 Timothy 1:8	But we know that the law is good, if a man use it lawfully;
1 Timothy 1:9	Knowing this, that the law is not made for a righteous man, but for the lawless and disobedient, for the ungodly and for sinners, for unholy and profane, for murderers of fathers and murderers of mothers, for manslayers,
1 Timothy 1:10	For whoremongers, for them that defile themselves with mankind, for menstealers, for liars, for perjured persons, and if there be any other thing that is contrary to sound doctrine;
1 Timothy 1:11	According to the glorious gospel of the blessed God, which was committed to my trust.
1 Timothy 1:12	And I thank Christ Jesus our Lord, who hath enabled me, for that he counted me faithful, putting me into the ministry;
1 Timothy 1:13	Who was before a blasphemer, and a persecutor, and injurious: but I obtained mercy, because I did it ignorantly in unbelief.
1 Timothy 1:14	And the grace of our Lord was exceeding abundant with faith and love which is in Christ Jesus.
1 Timothy 1:15	This is a faithful saying, and worthy of all acceptation, that Christ Jesus came into the world to save sinners; of whom I am chief.
1 Timothy 1:16	Howbeit for this cause I obtained mercy, that in me first Jesus Christ might shew forth all longsuffering, for a pattern to them which should hereafter believe on him to life everlasting.
1 Timothy 1:17	Now unto the King eternal, immortal, invisible, the only wise God, be honour and glory for ever and ever. Amen.
1 Timothy 1:18	This charge I commit unto thee, son Timothy, according to the prophecies which went before on thee, that thou by them mightest war a good warfare;
1 Timothy 1:19	Holding faith, and a good conscience; which some having put away concerning faith have made shipwreck:
1 Timothy 1:20	Of whom is Hymenaeus and Alexander; whom I have delivered unto Satan, that they may learn not to blaspheme.
1 Timothy 2:1	I exhort therefore, that, first of all, supplications, prayers, intercessions, and giving of thanks, be made for all men;
1 Timothy 2:2	For kings, and for all that are in authority; that we may lead a quiet and peaceable life in all godliness and honesty.
1 Timothy 2:3	For this is good and acceptable in the sight of God our Saviour;
1 Timothy 2:4	Who will have all men to be saved, and to come unto the knowledge of the truth.
1 Timothy 2:5	For there is one God, and one mediator between God and men, the man Christ Jesus;
1 Timothy 2:6	Who gave himself a ransom for all, to be testified in due time.
1 Timothy 2:7	Whereunto I am ordained a preacher, and an apostle, (I speak the truth in Christ, and lie not;) a teacher of the Gentiles in faith and verity.
1 Timothy 2:8	I will therefore that men pray every where, lifting up holy hands, without wrath and doubting.
1 Timothy 2:9	In like manner also, that women adorn themselves in modest apparel, with shamefacedness and sobriety; not with broided hair, or gold, or pearls, or costly array;
1 Timothy 2:10	But (which becometh women professing godliness) with good works.
1 Timothy 2:11	Let the woman learn in silence with all subjection.
1 Timothy 2:12	But I suffer not a woman to teach, nor to usurp authority over the man, but to be in silence.
1 Timothy 2:13	For Adam was first formed, then Eve.
1 Timothy 2:14	And Adam was not deceived, but the woman being deceived was in the transgression.
1 Timothy 2:15	Notwithstanding she shall be saved in childbearing, if they continue in faith and charity and holiness with sobriety.
1 Timothy 3:1	This is a true saying, If a man desire the office of a bishop, he desireth a good work.
1 Timothy 3:2	A bishop then must be blameless, the husband of one wife, vigilant, sober, of good behaviour, given to hospitality, apt to teach;
1 Timothy 3:3	Not given to wine, no striker, not greedy of filthy lucre; but patient, not a brawler, not covetous;
1 Timothy 3:4	One that ruleth well his own house, having his children in subjection with all gravity;
1 Timothy 3:5	(For if a man know not how to rule his own house, how shall he take care of the church of God?)
1 Timothy 3:6	Not a novice, lest being lifted up with pride he fall into the condemnation of the devil.
1 Timothy 3:7	Moreover he must have a good report of them which are without; lest he fall into reproach and the snare of the devil.
1 Timothy 3:8	Likewise must the deacons be grave, not doubletongued, not given to much wine, not greedy of filthy lucre;
1 Timothy 3:9	Holding the mystery of the faith in a pure conscience.
1 Timothy 3:10	And let these also first be proved; then let them use the office of a deacon, being found blameless.
1 Timothy 3:11	Even so must their wives be grave, not slanderers, sober, faithful in all things.
1 Timothy 3:12	Let the deacons be the husbands of one wife, ruling their children and their own houses well.
1 Timothy 3:13	For they that have used the office of a deacon well purchase to themselves a good degree, and great boldness in the faith which is in Christ Jesus.
1 Timothy 3:14	These things write I unto thee, hoping to come unto thee shortly:
1 Timothy 3:15	But if I tarry long, that thou mayest know how thou oughtest to behave thyself in the house of God, which is the church of the living God, the pillar and ground of the truth.
1 Timothy 3:16	And without controversy great is the mystery of godliness: God was manifest in the flesh, justified in the Spirit, seen of angels, preached unto the Gentiles, believed on in the world, received up into glory.
1 Timothy 4:1	Now the Spirit speaketh expressly, that in the latter times some shall depart from the faith, giving heed to seducing spirits, and doctrines of devils;
1 Timothy 4:2	Speaking lies in hypocrisy; having their conscience seared with a hot iron;
1 Timothy 4:3	Forbidding to marry, and commanding to abstain from meats, which God hath created to be received with thanksgiving of them which believe and know the truth.
