Hebrews 6:7	For the earth which drinketh in the rain that cometh oft upon it, and bringeth forth herbs meet for them by whom it is dressed, receiveth blessing from God:
Hebrews 6:8	But that which beareth thorns and briers is rejected, and is nigh unto cursing; whose end is to be burned.
Hebrews 6:9	But, beloved, we are persuaded better things of you, and things that accompany salvation, though we thus speak.
Hebrews 6:10	For God is not unrighteous to forget your work and labour of love, which ye have shewed toward his name, in that ye have ministered to the saints, and do minister.
Hebrews 6:11	And we desire that every one of you do shew the same diligence to the full assurance of hope unto the end:
Hebrews 6:12	That ye be not slothful, but followers of them who through faith and patience inherit the promises.
Hebrews 6:13	For when God made promise to Abraham, because he could swear by no greater, he sware by himself,
Hebrews 6:14	Saying, Surely blessing I will bless thee, and multiplying I will multiply thee.
Hebrews 6:15	And so, after he had patiently endured, he obtained the promise.
Hebrews 6:16	For men verily swear by the greater: and an oath for confirmation is to them an end of all strife.
Hebrews 6:17	Wherein God, willing more abundantly to shew unto the heirs of promise the immutability of his counsel, confirmed it by an oath:
Hebrews 6:18	That by two immutable things, in which it was impossible for God to lie, we might have a strong consolation, who have fled for refuge to lay hold upon the hope set before us:
Hebrews 6:19	Which hope we have as an anchor of the soul, both sure and stedfast, and which entereth into that within the veil;
Hebrews 6:20	Whither the forerunner is for us entered, even Jesus, made an high priest for ever after the order of Melchisedec.
Hebrews 7:1	For this Melchisedec, king of Salem, priest of the most high God, who met Abraham returning from the slaughter of the kings, and blessed him;
Hebrews 7:2	To whom also Abraham gave a tenth part of all; first being by interpretation King of righteousness, and after that also King of Salem, which is, King of peace;
Hebrews 7:3	Without father, without mother, without descent, having neither beginning of days, nor end of life; but made like unto the Son of God; abideth a priest continually.
Hebrews 7:4	Now consider how great this man was, unto whom even the patriarch Abraham gave the tenth of the spoils.
Hebrews 7:5	And verily they that are of the sons of Levi, who receive the office of the priesthood, have a commandment to take tithes of the people according to the law, that is, of their brethren, though they come out of the loins of Abraham:
Hebrews 7:6	But he whose descent is not counted from them received tithes of Abraham, and blessed him that had the promises.
Hebrews 7:7	And without all contradiction the less is blessed of the better.
Hebrews 7:8	And here men that die receive tithes; but there he receiveth them, of whom it is witnessed that he liveth.
Hebrews 7:9	And as I may so say, Levi also, who receiveth tithes, payed tithes in Abraham.
Hebrews 7:10	For he was yet in the loins of his father, when Melchisedec met him.
Hebrews 7:11	If therefore perfection were by the Levitical priesthood, (for under it the people received the law,) what further need was there that another priest should rise after the order of Melchisedec, and not be called after the order of Aaron?
Hebrews 7:12	For the priesthood being changed, there is made of necessity a change also of the law.
Hebrews 7:13	For he of whom these things are spoken pertaineth to another tribe, of which no man gave attendance at the altar.
Hebrews 7:14	For it is evident that our Lord sprang out of Juda; of which tribe Moses spake nothing concerning priesthood.
Hebrews 7:15	And it is yet far more evident: for that after the similitude of Melchisedec there ariseth another priest,
Hebrews 7:16	Who is made, not after the law of a carnal commandment, but after the power of an endless life.
Hebrews 7:17	For he testifieth, Thou art a priest for ever after the order of Melchisedec.
Hebrews 7:18	For there is verily a disannulling of the commandment going before for the weakness and unprofitableness thereof.
Hebrews 7:19	For the law made nothing perfect, but the bringing in of a better hope did; by the which we draw nigh unto God.
Hebrews 7:20	And inasmuch as not without an oath he was made priest:
Hebrews 7:21	(For those priests were made without an oath; but this with an oath by him that said unto him, The Lord sware and will not repent, Thou art a priest for ever after the order of Melchisedec:)
Hebrews 7:22	By so much was Jesus made a surety of a better testament.
Hebrews 7:23	And they truly were many priests, because they were not suffered to continue by reason of death:
Hebrews 7:24	But this man, because he continueth ever, hath an unchangeable priesthood.
Hebrews 7:25	Wherefore he is able also to save them to the uttermost that come unto God by him, seeing he ever liveth to make intercession for them.
Hebrews 7:26	For such an high priest became us, who is holy, harmless, undefiled, separate from sinners, and made higher than the heavens;
Hebrews 7:27	Who needeth not daily, as those high priests, to offer up sacrifice, first for his own sins, and then for the people's: for this he did once, when he offered up himself.
Hebrews 7:28	For the law maketh men high priests which have infirmity; but the word of the oath, which was since the law, maketh the Son, who is consecrated for evermore.
Hebrews 8:1	Now of the things which we have spoken this is the sum: We have such an high priest, who is set on the right hand of the throne of the Majesty in the heavens;
Hebrews 8:2	A minister of the sanctuary, and of the true tabernacle, which the Lord pitched, and not man.
Hebrews 8:3	For every high priest is ordained to offer gifts and sacrifices: wherefore it is of necessity that this man have somewhat also to offer.
Hebrews 8:4	For if he were on earth, he should not be a priest, seeing that there are priests that offer gifts according to the law:
Hebrews 8:5	Who serve unto the example and shadow of heavenly things, as Moses was admonished of God when he was about to make the tabernacle: for, See, saith he, that thou make all things according to the pattern shewed to thee in the mount.
Hebrews 8:6	But now hath he obtained a more excellent ministry, by how much also he is the mediator of a better covenant, which was established upon better promises.
Hebrews 8:7	For if that first covenant had been faultless, then should no place have been sought for the second.
Hebrews 8:8	For finding fault with them, he saith, Behold, the days come, saith the Lord, when I will make a new covenant with the house of Israel and with the house of Judah:
