Hebrews 10:18	Now where remission of these is, there is no more offering for sin.
Hebrews 10:19	Having therefore, brethren, boldness to enter into the holiest by the blood of Jesus,
Hebrews 10:20	By a new and living way, which he hath consecrated for us, through the veil, that is to say, his flesh;
Hebrews 10:21	And having an high priest over the house of God;
Hebrews 10:22	Let us draw near with a true heart in full assurance of faith, having our hearts sprinkled from an evil conscience, and our bodies washed with pure water.
Hebrews 10:23	Let us hold fast the profession of our faith without wavering; (for he is faithful that promised;)
Hebrews 10:24	And let us consider one another to provoke unto love and to good works:
Hebrews 10:25	Not forsaking the assembling of ourselves together, as the manner of some is; but exhorting one another: and so much the more, as ye see the day approaching.
Hebrews 10:26	For if we sin wilfully after that we have received the knowledge of the truth, there remaineth no more sacrifice for sins,
Hebrews 10:27	But a certain fearful looking for of judgment and fiery indignation, which shall devour the adversaries.
Hebrews 10:28	He that despised Moses' law died without mercy under two or three witnesses:
Hebrews 10:29	Of how much sorer punishment, suppose ye, shall he be thought worthy, who hath trodden under foot the Son of God, and hath counted the blood of the covenant, wherewith he was sanctified, an unholy thing, and hath done despite unto the Spirit of grace?
Hebrews 10:30	For we know him that hath said, Vengeance belongeth unto me, I will recompense, saith the Lord. And again, The Lord shall judge his people.
Hebrews 10:31	It is a fearful thing to fall into the hands of the living God.
Hebrews 10:32	But call to remembrance the former days, in which, after ye were illuminated, ye endured a great fight of afflictions;
Hebrews 10:33	Partly, whilst ye were made a gazingstock both by reproaches and afflictions; and partly, whilst ye became companions of them that were so used.
Hebrews 10:34	For ye had compassion of me in my bonds, and took joyfully the spoiling of your goods, knowing in yourselves that ye have in heaven a better and an enduring substance.
Hebrews 10:35	Cast not away therefore your confidence, which hath great recompence of reward.
Hebrews 10:36	For ye have need of patience, that, after ye have done the will of God, ye might receive the promise.
Hebrews 10:37	For yet a little while, and he that shall come will come, and will not tarry.
Hebrews 10:38	Now the just shall live by faith: but if any man draw back, my soul shall have no pleasure in him.
Hebrews 10:39	But we are not of them who draw back unto perdition; but of them that believe to the saving of the soul.
Hebrews 11:1	Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen.
Hebrews 11:2	For by it the elders obtained a good report.
Hebrews 11:3	Through faith we understand that the worlds were framed by the word of God, so that things which are seen were not made of things which do appear.
Hebrews 11:4	By faith Abel offered unto God a more excellent sacrifice than Cain, by which he obtained witness that he was righteous, God testifying of his gifts: and by it he being dead yet speaketh.
Hebrews 11:5	By faith Enoch was translated that he should not see death; and was not found, because God had translated him: for before his translation he had this testimony, that he pleased God.
Hebrews 11:6	But without faith it is impossible to please him: for he that cometh to God must believe that he is, and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him.
Hebrews 11:7	By faith Noah, being warned of God of things not seen as yet, moved with fear, prepared an ark to the saving of his house; by the which he condemned the world, and became heir of the righteousness which is by faith.
Hebrews 11:8	By faith Abraham, when he was called to go out into a place which he should after receive for an inheritance, obeyed; and he went out, not knowing whither he went.
Hebrews 11:9	By faith he sojourned in the land of promise, as in a strange country, dwelling in tabernacles with Isaac and Jacob, the heirs with him of the same promise:
Hebrews 11:10	For he looked for a city which hath foundations, whose builder and maker is God.
Hebrews 11:11	Through faith also Sara herself received strength to conceive seed, and was delivered of a child when she was past age, because she judged him faithful who had promised.
Hebrews 11:12	Therefore sprang there even of one, and him as good as dead, so many as the stars of the sky in multitude, and as the sand which is by the sea shore innumerable.
Hebrews 11:13	These all died in faith, not having received the promises, but having seen them afar off, and were persuaded of them, and embraced them, and confessed that they were strangers and pilgrims on the earth.
Hebrews 11:14	For they that say such things declare plainly that they seek a country.
Hebrews 11:15	And truly, if they had been mindful of that country from whence they came out, they might have had opportunity to have returned.
Hebrews 11:16	But now they desire a better country, that is, an heavenly: wherefore God is not ashamed to be called their God: for he hath prepared for them a city.
Hebrews 11:17	By faith Abraham, when he was tried, offered up Isaac: and he that had received the promises offered up his only begotten son,
Hebrews 11:18	Of whom it was said, That in Isaac shall thy seed be called:
Hebrews 11:19	Accounting that God was able to raise him up, even from the dead; from whence also he received him in a figure.
Hebrews 11:20	By faith Isaac blessed Jacob and Esau concerning things to come.
Hebrews 11:21	By faith Jacob, when he was a dying, blessed both the sons of Joseph; and worshipped, leaning upon the top of his staff.
Hebrews 11:22	By faith Joseph, when he died, made mention of the departing of the children of Israel; and gave commandment concerning his bones.
Hebrews 11:23	By faith Moses, when he was born, was hid three months of his parents, because they saw he was a proper child; and they were not afraid of the king's commandment.
Hebrews 11:24	By faith Moses, when he was come to years, refused to be called the son of Pharaoh's daughter;
Hebrews 11:25	Choosing rather to suffer affliction with the people of God, than to enjoy the pleasures of sin for a season;
Hebrews 11:26	Esteeming the reproach of Christ greater riches than the treasures in Egypt: for he had respect unto the recompence of the reward.
Hebrews 11:27	By faith he forsook Egypt, not fearing the wrath of the king: for he endured, as seeing him who is invisible.
Hebrews 11:28	Through faith he kept the passover, and the sprinkling of blood, lest he that destroyed the firstborn should touch them.
