Page  [unnumbered]
The Psalterie, hath the name of Psallendo, for the consonant aunswereth to the note therof in singing. The Hebrewes called the Psalterie Decachordon, an instrument hauing ten strings, according to the number of the ten Commaundements.

Cymballs are instruments of musick com∣passed like an hoope, and on the vpper com∣passe, vnder a certaine hollownesse hangeth halfe bells, fiue or seauen in number.

Sistrum, hath the name of a Lady that first founde the same, who vvas Isis Queene of Egypt; Among the Amazons the hoast of vvemen is called to battaile with this instru∣ment. It is like a horne, vsed in battaile in sted of a Trumpet.

The Bell is also reckoned among the In∣struments of musick, who whilst hee profi∣teth others in sounding, hee is himselfe con∣sumed and wasted by often smiting. Thys was inuented by the Parthians.

Of Wemen. Although Pandora had wisedome from Pal∣las, eloquence from Mercurie, beautie from Venus, personage from Iuno, and from euery other God some gift, (where-vpon shee is so cal∣led)
Page  102
yet in the nature of a woman, shee brought the whole world to confusion.

ALthough Eue transgressed before the man, yet is the originall of sinning, ascri∣bed to Adam, because the succession is ac∣counted in men, and not in wemen.

Thucidides was of opinion, that those vve∣men vvere most honest, of whose commen∣dation and disprayse there is least speech v∣sed.

Harmonia, daughter to Hiero the Syracu∣san, woulde vvillingly haue dyed in the de∣fence of her Country.

Epicharia, a libertine of Rome, being made priuie to a conspiracie intended against Ne∣ro, vvas so constant in secrecie, that beeing rent with most cruell torments, yet neuer vvould shee bewray any of the parties. Ta∣citus.

Laeena bitte her tongue in sunder, & spette it in the face of Hippias the Tyrant, in whose honour, the Athenian, dedicated before the Castle gate a Lyonesse of brasse vvithout a tongue, to betoken the steady vertue of si∣lence in her. Plinie.

Araetia taught her Sonne Aristippus phy∣losophy.

Page  [unnumbered]
Mithridates vvife and sisters, shewed a far lesse feare of death, then Mithridates hym∣selfe. Appian.

The wife of Asdruball of Carthage, ouer∣come by Scipio, shewed a greater resolution to die, then Asdruball himselfe.

Aspasia and Diotima, with sacrifice droue of a plague ten yeeres, which shoulde haue hapned in Athence.

Aspasia loued and taught the eloquent Pe∣ricles of Athence.

Nichostrata, mother to Euander, shevved the Latines their Letters.

The Sabine women, were no lesse helpe to increase Rome, then the Troyans at the first beginning.

The conspiracie of Cataline, for which Ci∣cero is so praised, was first disclosed by a wo∣man. Salust.

Philip the sonne of Demetrius, laying siege to the citty of Scio, proclaimed that what bond-man soeuer woulde forsake the Citty, and come to him, they should haue li∣berty & theyr Maisters wiues; the vvemen hearing this, came to the walls weaponed, & fought so fiercely that they repulsed Philip. A deede the men could not doe.

The Erythians made war vpon the Sciots,
Page  103
vvho not able to holde out, compounded to depart theyr Citty without armour, vvhich when the women heard of, they vvould not suffer, but counsailed them to carry theyr shield and speare, and leaue theyr clothes, & aunswer their enemies, that this was theyr array, which they followed, auoyding the s•ame of the other.

The Spartane wemen delighted to see their children die valiantly in defence of their country.

The vvemen of Sagunt in the destruction of theyr Country, tooke wepons in hand a∣gainst Haniballs souldiers.

