Page  [unnumbered]
〈1 page duplicate〉
Page  56
〈1 page duplicate〉
Page  [unnumbered]
Of Wit & Memory. A good wit hath three degrees, of hope, of practising, of perfection; the first is in chyldren, the second in young men, in beeing perceiued 3. wayes, by desire to learne, by quicke conceit, by a good memory; The third of perfection, is in the elder sort, when they quickly conceiue, faithful∣ly remember, and fruitfully put in practise those things which they haue learned.

ESdras the priest had the lawes of the He∣brues at his fingers end.

Al•ibiades, wheresoeuer hee vvas, and in vvhat country soeuer hee soiourned, coulde easily frame himselfe according to the man∣ners of the people.Plutarch.

Such another was Marcus Antonius, for at Rome hee vvoulde liue like a Romane, and would seeme a right Senator, in Egipt vvho more licentious?

Seuerus the good Emperor, because of his stable wit and iudgment, was called Seuerus Pertinax. Eutropius.

Clemens the sixt vvas of so good a memo∣ry, that whatsoeuer he once learned, hee ne∣uer after forgot.

Page  57
Mithridates was of so great a memory, that he could call euery one of his Souldiours by name. Appian.

Anthony of Gueuara, sometimes his me∣mory would be so good, and wit so quicke, and skill so excellent, that he could deuide an haire, and sweepe a graine, at other times, he wished not onely 5. but 10. sences, which wee call wittes.

The first lesson that Socrates taught his Schollers, was, Remember, learne to forget that which thou hast ill learned. Lirinensis.

The Sophists of Greece could with theyr eloquence and copiousnes of wit, make of a Mouse an Elephant, and a mountaine of a molehill.

The Schollers of Pythagoras learned his precepts by hart, vsing their wits & memo∣ries for bookes.

Portius neuer forgotte any thing that hee once reade before.

Seneca could rehearse after one by hearing, two hundred verses.

Aelius Adrianus, amongst a great army of Souldiours, if any one were missing, straight knew who it was. Iustinus.

Scipio could call all his Souldiers by name. Plutarch.

Page  [unnumbered]
I. Caesar could reade, talke, heare, and aun•swere at one time. Plinie.

Carmedes, a Grecian, neuer heard anie thing, but he could repeate it word by word, without writing.

Pythagoras was willed of Mercury, to aske what hee would, but immortality, and hee should haue it, of whom he obtained to keep in memory, all things that he had heard and seene. Laertius.

Lucullus is recorded of Tully for his excel∣lent memory.

The Aegiptians vsed characters and figures for their memory, which was called locall memory. Baptista.

Hortensius could pronounce out of hand with his tongue, what he wrote with his pen. Plinie.

Cyneas being sent from King Pyrrhus to Rome, the second day in the Senate house, before all the people of Rome, he named all the Senators.
