Leo, the younger, when he had raigned one yeare, rendered the crowne againe to his Fa∣ther. Zeno.

Aegeus, when he saw the ship that his Sonne rode into Crete, returne with blacke sailes contrary to promise, supposing that hee was
Page  [unnumbered]
slaine, threw himselfe from an high rocke in∣to the Sea. Ouid.

Aelius Tubero, had sixteene children of his owne body, all of them maried, and dwelling in one house with their children, and lyuing with him in all peace & concord.

The arrogancy of a childe, was the cause that one of the Ephories published the law of testaments, wherby it was permitted to eue∣ry one from that time forward, to appoynt whom he would his heire.

Among the Romains, the child was not ad∣mitted to pleade his Fathers vvill after his death, by way of action, but onely by way of request, vsing very humble and reuerent speech of his dead Father, and leauing the whole matter to the discretion of the Iud∣ges. Patritius.

Antigonus, the Sonne of Demetrius, who was taken prisoner by Seleucus, when his Fa∣ther sent him word to giue no credite to any letters he should send, for the deliuering vp of certaine townes, thereto constrained by Seleucus; Antigonus contrariwise writ to Seleucus, that he would yeeld him vp all, be∣come pledge for him, if he would restore his Father.

Apollonida, mother to King Eumenes, and
Page  113
to three other of his bretheren, accounted her selfe happy, because she saw her 3. youn∣ger sonnes as it were a garde to theyr elder brother.

Cato with his owne hande wrote a historie, and gaue it to his sonne, to the end he might there see the acts of his auncestors, & learne the skill howe to gouerne the Common-wealth.

Bercilidus, a Gouernour in Sparta, sitting at meate, did forbid that the younger sorte should doe him reuerence, reproouing him∣selfe of barrennes, because he had not begot∣ten any children to doe them the like honor when they were old.

Cornelia accounted her children to be the chiefest treasure & riches that she had. Val.

In Fraunce there was a Father & his sonne condemned to death for treason, and iudged to be executed (according to the custom of the Country) by standing in a Caudron, in vvhich they should be boyled to death; now it was winter, and beeing both naked in the water, the sonne began to quake for cold, and when the vvater was heated, to cry out vvith great impatience; his Father persisting im∣moueable in both, sayd, Thou sonne of a vile whore, canst thou neither abide heat nor cold?

Page  [unnumbered]
Augustus commanded the Ladies his chil∣dren, to learne all the offices and qualities wherewith a vvoman might liue & be main∣tained, and vvhereof she ought to boast her∣selfe in such vvise, that all the apparrel which they vveare, they did spin and weaue; say∣ing; that a rock became a Ladies girdle, as∣vvell as a Launce becam a Knight, or a book a Priest. Sueto.

Annalis being condemned by the Trium∣uiri, fled to a tenant of his who had a homely house, & was safe hid, vntill his son brough• the pursuers to the house, who killed him▪ Then the Triumuiri rewarded him with his Fathers goods, and made him Chamberlain of the Citty, but one day beeing drunke and troubling the souldiours, they which killed his father, murdered him. Appian.

Choranius, the vnhappy Father of an vn∣thrifty sonne, prayed the pursuers to spare his life a while, till he might sende to his son to speake to Anthony; who laughed at him, & sayd his sonne had spoken, but to the con∣trary. Appian.

Quintus Ciceros brother and his sonne be∣ing taken, prayed the murtherers to kil him before his sonne, but his sonne requested the contrary; vvhereupon the souldiers promi∣sed
Page  114
to graunt both theyr desires, and taking them a sunder, by a token killed them both at one instant. Appian.

Ignatius the Father and the sonne fighting together, dyed of one vvound, & when their heads vvere striken of, theyr bodies dyd yet imbrace. Idem.

Aruntius could hardly perswade his sonne that would not flie without him, to saue him∣selfe; because he was but young, his mother sent him afore to the gates, and then retur∣ned to burie her husband beeing killed; and vvhen she shortly after heard that her sonne vvas dead vpon the sea, shee famished her∣selfe. Plut.

Geta the sonne of Scoponius, made a fire in the open place of his house to burie his Father that seemed to be dead, whom he had hid in an house in the country, where the old man disguising himselfe, layde a parchment before his eyes, and after the agreement was made, hee tooke away the parchment, and founde his eyes out for want of vse. Appian.

Oppius sonne, minding to take part vvith his olde feeble father, bare him on his backe, till hee was past the gates, and the rest of the vvay sometimes leading him, & sometimes bearing him, he brought him safe to Sicelie:
Page  [unnumbered]
so did Aeneas for Anchises his father. Idem.

Metellus the father and the sonne, the one Captaine vnder Anthony, the other vnder Caesar, the Father being prisoner, and beeing condemned, his sonne sayde to Caesar, Thys hath beene thy enemy ô Caesar, and I thy friend, him thou must punish, and me rewarde, I desire thee to saue my father for mee, or let mee die for him, at whose request he was saued. Idem.

Crates Thebanus deliuered a stock of mo∣ny to his friends vpon this condition, that if it shoulde happen his children to bee fooles, they should therewith be maintained, but if they became learned and phylosophers, then to distribute it to the poore. Dem. Mag.
