They likewise called theyr Kinges Phara∣ones; the Bithinians Ptolomaei; the Latines Murani; the Parthians Arsacides; the Al∣banes Syluij; the Sicilians Tyrants; the Ar∣giues Kings.

Nabuchad-nezzar intiteled himselfe King of Kings, Alexander king of the world, De∣metrius conquerer of Citties, Mithridates restorer of the vvorld, Attyla the vvhyp of Nations, Tamberlaine the scourge of God, Dyonisius the hoast of men, Cyrus the last of the Gods. Henry the eyght, king of Eng∣land, defender of the fayth, Charles King of Fraunce the most christian king, & Alphon∣so King of Spayne, the Catholicke king.

Thys Alphonso, dyd first begin to make Bishops houses ioyning to the Cathedral Churches, to the end, that neyther colde in VVinter, nor heate in Sommer, might hin∣der their residencie.

Page  163
In the Country of the Sydonians, there vvas Dynastia, which vvas called a linage of Kings that endured two hundred & twentie fiue yeeres, because all those Kings were of a good and vertuous conuersation.

The authority of Kings hath euer been ac∣counted a thing diuine; for Homer and Iso∣crates write, that hee who gouerneth alone, representeth a diuine maiestie.

In Egypt, of Phylosophers they did chuse theyr Priests, and of Priests their Kings, with whom it was a law inuiolable, that the King which had beene vvicked in his life, shoulde not be buried after his death.

In the Ile Tabrobana, kinges are chosen by election, and not by blood. Solinus.

Syllas dictatorship, vvas called a negatiue ordained kingdom. Appian.

The olde Romaine Kinges did vveare no crownes, but held scepters in their hands, of the vvhich Tarquinius was the last, for that his sonne rauished Lucrecia the vvife of Col∣latinus. Iustinus.

Plato following the fiction of Homer, dyd write that kings children vvere composed of a precious masse, & to be seperated from the common sort.

Homer named kings Diogenes, that is, the
Page  [unnumbered]
generation of Iupiter, and Diotrophes, nouri∣shed by Iupiter, and Aristes, which Plato in∣terpreteth to be the familiars of Iupiter, and his disciples in politicke sciences.

The Kings of Persia in their priuie Cham∣bers dispatched their greater matters them∣selues, and left those of lesse consequence to their Princes.

It vvas a custome amongst the auncien• kings, to put questions one to another to try the abilitie of theyr wits, and certaine praise• & rewards were appointed to them that ex∣celled. Plutarch.

Salomon sent riddles & problemes to king Hiram, vvhom it cost very much because he could not assoile them, vntill at length, hee founde a young man of Tyrus, called Aba•∣mon, vvho deciphered vnto him the mos• part of them. Dion.

The Kings of Persia shewed themselues more subiect to lawes then thir lords. Zona•▪

The Kings of Lacedemonia did monthly sweare to guide themselues according to the Lavves; and the Ephori tooke an oath in the behalfe of the people to see it executed.

Antiochus told his sonne Demetrius, that their kingdome vvas a noble slauery.

There vvas foure Kings & Princes, which
Page  164
•ad but one eye a peece, Philip, Alexanders •ather, Antigonus king of Macedonia, Ha∣•iball of Carthage, and Sertorius a Romain. The first lost his eye at Methon, the second, •t Perinthia, the third, vpon the Alpes, the •ourth in Pontus. Plutarch.

Alphonsus vvas the first king of Lusitania, the sonne of Henry Loraine, and Tiretia, the •ase daughter of Alphonsus king of Castile, •n one battaile he ouercame 5. princes of the Sarazines, and therefore in his shielde bare 5. seuerall coates of honour. Cor. Agrippa.

Pharamond, sirnamed VVarmond, vvas the first King of Fraunce; vvho came out of Germanie, hee bare in his shielde three blacke Toades.

Of Monarchies. A Monarchie, most significatly representeth the diuine regiment, wherin absolute soueraign∣tie consisteth in one onely Prince, who commaun∣deth all, and is not to be commaunded of any.

THE latter Romaines had a Duarchie, vvhich is comprehended vnder the go∣uernment Oligarchie; their Empire was de∣uided into two partes, the one Emperour
Page  [unnumbered]
of the East, the other of the VVest. Eutrop.
