
Septimius wife corrupted in loue by one of Anthonies friends, was desirous of his harlot to become his wife, causing him to speake to Anthony for her, and foorth-with was Sept•∣mius condemned, whom she betrayed to the Souldiours, & in one day he was killed, and she married. Appian.

Salassus, fearing the displeasure of Antho∣ny, got him to the top of his house, from whence when hee saw his wife bringing the
Page  [unnumbered]
Souldiours to murder him, threw himselfe headlong into the streets. Appian.

The auntient Brittains, did not only make women their Rulers in peace, but their Lea∣ders in warre. Tacitus.

The Germaines preferred them before men themselues, and were of opinion, that some sacred and prouident thing remayned in them, for which cause, they did neyther reiect their counsailes, nor set light by theyr aunswers, and many of them were reputed amongst them for Prophetesses, and as theyr superstition encreased, they helde them as Goddesses. Idem.

Zenobia writ a Chronicle of all the warres fought in Alexandria, and made a collection of all the notable warres fought in the East parts.

So long as Mesa, the Grandmother of Se∣uerus liued with him, his estate was sure, but folowing too much the fancies of his mother Mammea, he ouerthrew him selfe.

Semyramis ruled worthily, & fought more valiantly then euer Xerxes durst, with all his huge hoasts.

The mother of Seuerus did beare such sway with him, that he banished his Empresse frō the Court and his bed, vnto the vttermost
Page  106
Coasts of Africa.

The vviddow Empresse of Valens, vvhen the Gothes had strongly besieged Constan∣tinople, where she was, fought with so great courage against them, that she enforced thē to raise their siege. Cassiodorus.

Penelope, was renowned for her chastity.

Alcesta, the wife of Admetus, chose to die, to prolong her husbands life. Euripides.

The Essenians were open enemies to wo∣men.

Minerua was borne without a mother, as some write, so faigned, for that women haue no wisedome.

In the Spartane common-weale, they had certaine officers named Gynecomones, vvho had in charge to punish the insolency of wo∣men, and to suppresse their arrogancy and pride; The Romaine Censors had the lyke authority.

Of Marriage. This contract of mariage, called, the contract of God, (as by him first instituted in paradize) is called the bond of mutuall loue and reciprocall affection betweene man and wife, ouer whom he ought to rule, not as the Lord ouer his Seruant,
Page  [unnumbered]
but as our Lord & Sauior doth ouer the Church, whose indissoluble knot who so seeke to dissun∣der, combate with the Maiestie of God, damning themselues through a secret alliance which they make with sathan.

CHrist honoured a mariage with his pre∣sence, and a miracle.

Pompey comming among the Massagetes, who vsed once a weeke to accompany their wiues, demaunded the cause thereof, vvho aunswered, Because wee would not heare chy∣dings in the day time, nor their complaints in the night.

Venda, Queene of Russia, drowned her selfe, therby to preuent them that made war for her, to haue her in marriage, seeing they could not win her by gentlenes. Olaus.

M. Aurelius gaue this counsaile, that a wise husband, & one that mindeth to liue peacea∣bly with his wife, ought aboue all things to obserue this rule; to admonish her often, to re∣prehend her sildome, but neuer to lay hands vp∣pon her.

The Romaines passed all other Nations, in pompe, ceremonies, and comlines of mar∣riage.

Cato, a sworne enemy to vvomen, neuer
Page  107
strooke his wife.
