
Seuerus the Emperour, for the loue hee bare to Pertinax, whom Iulianus slew, willed that men shoulde euer after call him Perti∣nax. Eutrop.

A Persian vvoman beeing asked why shee had rather saue the life of her brother then of her owne sonne, Because (sayd she) I well may haue more children, but neuer no more bro∣thers, seeing my father and mother are dead.

Eros, the seruant of Antonius, hauing pro∣mised to kill his Maister when hee requested him, drevv his sword, and holding it as if hee would haue killed him, turned his Maisters
Page  71
head aside, and thrust the sword into his own body. Plutarch.

Agesilaus was fined by the Ephories, be∣cause he had stolne away the harts & wonne the loue of all his cittizens to himselfe.

The Emperour Claudius did neither loue nor hate, but as hee was prouoked and indu∣ced therevnto by others. Tacitus.

Herius of Corinth, builded in the midst of the Citty a Temple to the Goddesse Venus, within which were inclosed more then 500. of the fairest maides of Asia, whom theyr pa∣rents did there consecrate to the Goddesse Venus, to the end they might bee Louers, and stales to drawe louers to them; holding her for most religious and holy, which vvas most amorous and dissolute.

Samocratius, Nigidius, and Ouid, vvrit many volumes of the remedy of loue; but it little profited themselues, for they al three died in persecution, not for the abuses they committed at Rome, but for the loues they practised at Capua.

The cause of ciuil dissention between The∣mistocles & Aristides, was the loue of Ste∣silia an harlot, whose beauty being vanished, their hatred was such, that they neuer could be reconciled, but continued enemies euen
Page  [unnumbered]
to the death.

The like hatred vvas betvveene Cato and Caesar, about the loue of the harlot Seruilia.

The Kings of Assiria neuer aunswered anie Embassadour themselues, but by messen∣gers, they spending theyr time in courting theyr Concubines; and for theyr vnkinglie loue to vvomen, they were euer condemned of all men. Pausanius.

Alexander, for the loue hee bare to the fa∣mous harlot Thais, caused that most renow∣ned and rich citty Persepolis to be burned.

Publius Pilatus, was in loue with the Ima∣ges of Helena and Atalanta.

Pigmalion doated on an Iuory image that he had made with his owne hands. Ouid.

Two young men of Athence, were in loue with the picture of Fortune.

Cataline, for the loue of Orestilla, kylled his owne sonne, because she would not ioyne in marriage with him while his sonne liued. Salust.

Estrasco a Romaine, borne dumbe, loued Verona a Latine, borne also dumbe, who ly∣king each other, came & visited each other, by the space of thirty yeeres, vvithout the witting of any person, then died the husband of the Lady Verona, & the wife of Estrasco,
Page  72
they married, & of them descended the noble linage of the Scipios. Aurelius.

The Poets faine, that in Leucadia there is a very high steepe Rocke, which is a notable remedy to asswage loue; from this, first lea∣ped Cephalus, for the loue of Degonetes, vvhom he loued without measure.

Timon Misanthropos, loued none but onely Alcibiades, and him hee loued and once kis∣sed, because he sawe in his face the destructi∣on of Athence. Plutarch.

Xerxes (all the wonderfull workes of Iupi∣ter both on sea and land sette aside) in Lydia fell so farre in loue with a Plane tree vvhich happened to his sight, that he tarried a whole day by it, and caused the boughes to be ador∣ned with chaines of golde, bracelets & span∣gles, yeelding there to great reuerence.

Alcibiades vvas the Paramour of Socra∣tes, & Dion of Plato, who both reaped pro∣fit by their loues.

Alexander crowned the tombe of Achilles, and Hephestion that of Patroclus, signify∣ing thereby, that he loued Alexander, as wel as euer Patroclus loued Achilles.

Pausanias loued his wife so tenderly, that it cannot bee described, the like affection did Apelles beare to Pancasta, Alexanders lemō.
