Page  [unnumbered]
the first were strong, the second val••ant, the third fortunate, but the Numantine were strong, valiant, and fortunate. Trebe••lius Pollio.

Amongst all the Citties of the world, onel• Numantia did neuer acknowledge her bet∣ter, or kisse the hande of any other for he• Lord.

The Lacedemonians neuer vsed to aske th• number of their enemies, but vvhere the• vvere.

Iudas Macchabeus beeing begirt with 2• thousand men, was counsailed to flie, 〈◊〉forbid (quoth he) that the sunne should see• flie, I had rather die then staine my glory by 〈◊〉 ignominious flight.

The Numantines vvhen they were besi••ged slew nine Consuls, vvherevpon, the Ro∣mans did capitulate with them that the• should be perpetuall friends. Liuius.

Fiue thousand resolute Romans, ouerca•• thirty thousande of Methridates souldio•• vvhom hee had chosen throughout all 〈◊〉 kingdom. Appian.

Iulius Caesar, entering the Temple of He••cules in Gades, seeing the heroycall gests 〈◊〉 Alexander set forth vpon the vvalls, fell 〈◊〉 the lyke passion for Alexander, as he did 〈◊〉
Page  34
••hilles. Plutarch.

Q. Mutius aduentured alone into the tents 〈◊〉 King Porsenna, eyther to kill the King, or 〈◊〉 be killed by him, for which he purchased 〈◊〉 sirname of Sceuola. Liuius.

Horatius Cocles resisted the whole Armie the same king, vntil the cittizens of Rome 〈◊〉 to take vp the drawe bridge, and then all armed leapt into the riuer Tyber, and escaped his enemies. Liuius.

Perdiccas entered into the dangerous den a Lyonesse, and tooke avvay her whelps. ••rtius.

Starchaterus to increase his strength, fedde •• on Beares fleshe, and often vsed to drinke ••eir blood. Olaus.

Alexander thought himselfe happy if hee •ight be named Achilles, Caesar if he might •e called Alexander; Achilles sought no •eater name then Theseus, Theseus desired 〈◊〉 of Hercules.

Although Scythia was barren yet was shee oute, though rude and barbarous, yet was 〈◊〉 very valiant, and hard to bee subdued. •iannus.

Leonides at Thermopyla, hauing vnder 〈◊〉 charge but foure thousand souldiours, ••liantly encountred with the huge Armie
Page  [unnumbered]
of Xerxes, and ouercame it, to his immorta• fame and Xerxes eternall infamie. Iustin••▪

Pyrrhus seeing the fortitude and valour• the Romaines, sayd, If valour were lost, th• mould thereof might bee founde in a Ro∣mans hart; adding, that hee would quicklie conquer all the worlde if hee were King 〈◊〉 Rome, or the Romaine souldiours subiect vnto him.

Solon made a law, that the children whos• parents had beene valiantly slaine in battaile, should for the prowesse of theyr parents, 〈◊〉 euer after maintained of the Common trea∣surie. Thucidides.

Lucius Dentatus was in sixescore battailes and eyghteene times came away conquere• Hee receiued in token of his valour, eygh∣teene Launces, twenty Bards for horses▪ foure-score Bracelets, and 36. crownes, an• by his meanes nine Emperours triumphe• in Rome.

It vvas all the manner of the Lacedemoni∣ans▪ to be greatly inflamed with the desire o• conquering. Plato.

Eumenes, (though neuer so distressed) thought himselfe strong enough, as long a• he had his sword in his hand. Plut.

Aristomenes the Messenian, beeing take•
Page  35
〈◊〉 the Lacedemonians and deliuered fast ••und to two souldiours, hee drew neere to ••fire, burned his bonds in sunder, killed his ••eepers, and saued himselfe. Valerius.

Lysimachus vvas commaunded by Alex∣••der that he should be deuoured of a Lion, ••at he valiantly fought with the beast, and ••retching forth his arme, thrust it into hys ••roate, taking holde of his tongue, and so ••rangled him, whereupon hee vvas euer af∣••r more esteemed of Alexander then hee •as before. Aelianus.

Cassius aunswered a Chaldean Astrologer •ho counselled him not to fight vvith the •arthians vntill the Moone had passed Scor∣••o, I feare not (quoth he) Scorpius, but I feare 〈◊〉 Archers: because the Romans were put 〈◊〉•light by Parthian Archers. Appian.
