
The Lacedemonians are highly praised for hauing continued seauen hundred yeeres without any alteration of their gouernment. Grimaldus.

The Venetians haue cōstantly liued in one forme of gouernmēt by the space of a thou∣sand yeeres, and more. Idem.

The first Monarch was Ninus, King of the Assyrians, who vvas depriued of his king∣dome by his vvife Semiramis, when she had
Page  166
obtained of him the gouernmēt for 7. daies, who impatient at her dealing, dashed out his his owne braines; after hee had gotten the Monarchie, his poesie was Rapitur.

Semyramis the mother of young Ninus, seeing him vnfit to rule, gouerned the Em∣pire 42. yeres, but burning in vnnatural lust toward her sonne, she was therfore slaine by him.

Sardanapalus the last Assyrian Monarch, was deposed by Arbactus, who translated the monarchy to the Medes.

The second Monarch was Cyrus; vvhom Thomiris Qu. of Scythia ouercame; hys motto vvas Stabilitur.

Alexander the great, ouercame Darius, Monarch of Persia, and brought the go∣uernment to the Grecians; his vvord vvas Tandem. It is supposed that hee vvas poyso∣ned at Babilon.

Augustus Caesar vvas the fourth Monarch, (in vvhose time our Sauiour Christ vvas borne) his vvord was Finitur.

The Assyrian Monarchie continued one thousand three hundred sixe yeeres, the Medes and the Persians fiue hundred & 40. the Grecians 154. and the Romaines aboue eyght hundred.

Page  [unnumbered]
The Romaine Monarchie beganne fort• and seauen yeeres before Christ was borne.

The Romains first brought this name Em∣perour into the vvorld, which they inuen∣ted, not for theyr Princes, but for their Cap∣taines and Generalls in vvarre; & after that Caesar had ouercome Pompey, the Romains requested him that he would take vnto him the title Emperour; and hee was the first in all the world.

All I. Caesars successors in memory of him, are called Augusti, Caesares, & Imperatores.

Iulius Caesar the first Romane Emperour, was murdered in the Capitoll.

Octauius Augustus his nephew, succeeded him, who for his worthy demeanor, was ca∣nonized for a God, he raigned 56. yeres. In his time Christ was borne.

Claudius Tiberius, sonne to Liuia Augu∣stus his vvife by her first husbande, vvas a coward, cruell, couetous, and lecherous, hee deceased in Campania the 23. yeere of his raigne, to the great ioy of the Romains.

Caligula, sonne to Germanicus, for his cru∣elty and beastly life, was slaine in his Pallace, whē he had raigned 3. yeres & 10. months.

Claudius, Son to Drusus, was a good Em∣perour, yet poisoned by Nero, and after his
Page  167
•eath canonized, he raigned 13. yeeres and •ine monthes.

Nero, sonne in law to Claudius, who adop∣•ed him to bee his successour, was a most wicked Emperour, and a great persecuter of Christians, he killed himselfe when hee had raigned fourteene yeeres,

Galba was somewhat seuere and couetous, he raigned but seauen months, & vvas slaine through treason, by Otho; his throate vvas cut in the market place at Rome.

Otho inuaded the Empire, and at the same time he slewe Galba, Vitellius vvas chosen Emp. by the Germaines who ouercam him in battell, he killed himselfe, raigning 95. daies.

Vitellius was an excessiue glutton, & cruel, he striued in his doings and course of lyfe to be like Nero, he was slaine by the Captaines of Vespasian, and throwne into Tiber, when he had raigned eyght months, & one day.

Vespasian was a Prince endued vvith most excellent vertues, and very gentle, hee dyed of a •lixe when he had raigned 9. yeeres.

