The Turkes, as long as the Empire of the Sarazens flourished in Asia, they did most firmly sticke vnto them, but after that they began to decrease by their ciuill dissention, they encroched vppon them and their terri∣tories, and by little and little, wrought them∣selues at length wholy into the gouernment of the Empire.

In the yeere of our Lord, one thousand & fifty one, they elected Zadoc to bee theyr King, he laid the first foundation of the Tur∣kish empire in Asia.

After 5. discents of them, in the yeere one thousand, foure hundred and eyght, vvhen Godfrey of Bullaine, vvith other Christan Princes, made theyr holy expedition into Palestine, the Christians in Armenia percei∣uing that the Turkes were deuided, and that they had murdered theyr last Emperor Bel∣ch•aior, suddainly assailed them, and draue them out of Persia, enforcing them to keepe in the lesser Asia.

In the yeere of our Lorde, one thousand three hundred, Ottoman restored their Em∣pire,
Page  184
by his rare wit, and fortune in martiall affaires, he gaue names to the Emperors, & first appointed theyr king; hee conquered Bithinia, and Cappadocia, and tooke many places lying vpon Mare ponticum, and ruled 28. yeeres.

Orchanes his sonne, sacked Prusia, & made •t the head of his kingdome, he was slayne by •he Tartarians.

Amurath his sonne, was the first that came out of Asia into Europe, hee tooke Callipo∣•is, Cherronesus, Abydus, Philippolis, Adri∣anapolis, Seruia, and Bulgaria, but entering into the vpper part of Misia, hee was slayne in the 23. yeere of his Empire.

Baiazeth his brother subdued all Greece, but beeing ouercome by Tamberlaine, hee dyed without renowne.

Callepin his sonne succeeded, hee ouer∣came the Emperour Sigismund, and begin∣ning to spoyle the borders of Constantino∣ple, dyed in the flower of his age, raigning but sixe yeeres.

Mahomet, after him subdued the greatest part of Slauonia, and Macedonia, and came as farre as the Ionian sea, hee remooued hys seate out of Bythinia to Adrianopolis, where he dyed.

Page  [unnumbered]
Amurath the second succeeded him, vvho wonne Epirus, Aetolia, Achaia, Beolia, Atti∣ca, and Thessalonica.

Mahomet the second, destroyed Athence, & wonne Constantinople, Anno 1452. he brought vnder his subiection, the Empire Trapezuntiū, Corinth, the Ilands of Lem∣nos, Euboiae, Mitilene, and Capha, a Cittie of the Genowaies, he raigned 32. yeeres.

Baiazeth the second, tooke from the Vene∣tians Naupactus, Methonia, and Dirohaim, he spoyled all Dalmatia, and in the end vvas poysoned.

Zelimus his sonne, wonne Archair, & slew the Sultan of Egypt, he brought Alexandria, Damascus, and all Egypt vnder his Em∣pyre.

Solyman his onely sonne, conquered Bel∣grad, tooke Buda, the Kings Citty in Hun∣garia, spoyled Strigonium, and all Hungaria. To him the Ile of Rhods was yeelded, he o∣uerthrew the fiue Churches; when the Cit∣tie Iula was taken, he besieged Zigethum, & was slaine in the assault.

This Citty his sonne Zelimus spoyled, in the yeere 1566. vnder 12. Emperors, they subdued vnto themselues, by Turkish ty∣rannie, in two hundred threescore yeeres a great
Page  185
the Persians obserue at this day, after this the Sarazens possessed Affrica, & went forward into Asia, where they flourished 200. yeares.

Of the Bishops, Archbishops, Patriarchs, and Popes of Rome.

THE yeare of Peters comming to Rome, the time of his residency in the Sea, and his death there, hath beene so vncertainly re∣ported by Platina, Orosius, Fasciculus tempo∣rum, Eusebius, Vspergensis, Sabellicus, and Nauclerus, for the first, by S. Hierome, Beda, Fasciculus temporum, Vspergensis, and Plati∣na, for the second, by Nicephorus, Diony∣sius, Hierome, Isodorus, Eusebius, and Abdi∣•s, for the third, that diuers godly & learned men haue beene induced to think, and some constantly to write (as Vlricus Velenus, and Thomas Balaeus, with one other) that Peter was neuer at Rome; howbeit, many wise, re∣•erend, & truly lerned fathers of our church, are of opinion, that he was at Rome, but no Bishop thereof, & martired vnder Claudius Nero.

Linus, a Thuscane born, reported to be the successour of Peter, was a man of pure and godly lyfe, who for preaching the Gospell, suffered martyrdome vnder Saturninus the
Page  [unnumbered]
Consull, in the raigne of Vespasian, Emperor of Rome.

Anacletus the first, borne at Athence, wa• of an excellent and feruent spirit, and of grea• learning, he planted the Church of God wi•• daily labour, in whose defence and beleefe h• was put to death by Domitian, which he con∣stantly indured.

Clement the first, a Romaine, for his prea∣ching and good deeds, was a long time bani∣shed by the Emperor, to hew Marble stones, and in the end was cast into the Sea, with an Anchour about his necke.

Euaristus the first, a Grecian borne, in the time of persecution ceased not to increase the Church by his diligent preaching, till he was martired vnder Traian. An. Dom. 100.

Alexander the first, a Romaine, painefully trauailed both to preach and baptize, he suf∣fered great torments till he died vnder Aure∣lianus president to the Emperour. Anno Do∣mini, 121.
