Q. Curtius did the like in Rome, beeing armed, and mounted on horseback.

Scipio Affricanus caused to be written vp∣on his graue, Vnkind Country, receiue thou not my bones. Plut.

Leaena hearing that her son in battaile died valiantly, neuer mourned, but lyfted vp her hands to heauen, and thanked God that shee
Page  [unnumbered]
brought such a sonne into the vvorld, which in respect of vertue, for the defence of hys Country gaue his lyfe.

So deere was the loue of his country to V∣lisses, that he preferred his natiue soile Itha∣ca, before immortality. Homer.

Coriolanus, beare vnkinde armes against his Country. Plut.

Nascia was most worthily renowned for the defence of his Country. Appian.

Q. M. Scaeuola, feared not to goe to King Porsenas Campe, intending to slay him that troubled his Country, but killing the Secre∣tary in stead of the King, hee was brought to the fire, and so valiantly indured the burning of his hand, that the King amazed thereat, & fearing some other stratageme, dismissed him, who for the losse of his right hand, vvas sirnamed Scaeuola. Liuius.

The Romans erected Images of all such as renowned theyr Country.

Codrus vnderstanding by the Oracle, that except hee were slaine, his Countrimen the Athenians, shoulde neuer haue the victorie ouer theyr enemies, vvent disguised into the battaile in the coate of a common souldier, & thrusting himselfe into the formost front, was slaine. Iustin.

Page  89
Aglauros cast himselfe headlong from the walls of Athence, vnderstanding, that if any one vvould voluntarily kill him selfe for his Country, they should be conquerours.

Theopa, Eubula, & Praxithea, for the pre∣seruation of Athence, were offered vnto Mi∣nerua; to these was a temple erected called Leocorium, which is the temple of the peoples daughters. Pausan.

Leonides, the Lacedemonian, and thirty men more of high resolution, yeelded theyr bodies to the bitter passion of dreadful death at Pylas, which was pronounced vpon them by prophecy, for the preseruation of al Grae∣cia. Rauisius.

All the riches in the world could not with∣draw Epaminondas, from any the least duty of his Country. Aelianus.

Socrates went to Amphipolis & Potidaea, two great Citties in Delos, to fight for his Country.

Plato, from a famous Phylosopher of A∣thence, became a renowned Souldier at the siege of Corynth. Laertius.

Caluin, in the yeare 1556. when Perin had conspired against the estate of Geneua, ran into the midst of their naked swords, to ap∣pease the tumult. Beza.

Page  [unnumbered]
Antonius the Romaine Orator, vncouered the armes and shoulders of Aquilius, when he was adiudged to death, shewing the skars of the wounds, which he had receaued in de∣fence of his Country, at which sight the Iud∣ges were so affected, that they reuersed theyr verdit, and pardoned him. Valerius.

Cato of Vtica, answered one of his friends, who was come to giue him thanks, for de∣fending him in iudgement against a false ac∣cusation, that he was to thank the common wealth, for whose loue only he did speake, & counsailed all things.

M. Otho, left behind him a wonderfull ex∣ample, of the loue he bare to his Countrey, for the benefit wherof he died willingly.

Camillus, beeing a banished man, rescued Rome, and put the French-men to flight, for the which, he was called the second Romulus. Plutarch.

Themistocles being banished his Country, and in seruice with King Artaxerxes, poyso∣ned himselfe with the blood of a Bull, in pre∣sence of all the Persians, least hee should be compelled to fight agaynst his Countrey. Thucidides.

VVhen Pisistratus had brought the Citty of Athence vnder his obedience, Solon see∣ing
Page  90
that all his labour for defence of the com∣mon liberty, was in vaine, came and layde down his sword and target before the Senate dores, saying, O my Countrey, I haue by word and deede defended thee whilst I could.

