
Page  94
ALexander hauing ouercome the Persi∣ans, despised his owne Country fashions, and vsed altogether the apparell of the Persi∣ans, by the which hee alienated his Subiects harts, for thus the Persians tryumphed ouer him, not he ouer them. Fulgentius.

The Romains vsed three maner of gownes, Pretextatae, Palmatae, Candidatae; The first, Gentlemens children of 14. yeares old did vveare; the second, conquerours for theyr noble deeds, the third, Lords, maisters, and Rulers of the law.

Aristotle delighted to goe braue, & in gor∣geous apparell, with chaines and rings, and tooke therein great felicity.

Demosthenes and Hortensius, two famous Orators, went so neate in their cloathing, and with such wanton iestures, that Lucius Tor∣quatus would often call Hortensius, Dionisi∣aes Sonne, for that she had great pleasure in dauncing, and mouing her body.

Augustus Caesar, would weare no other garments, then such as his vvife & daughters made, and those very modest.

Agesilaus King of Lacedemonia, neuer had but one kinde of garment for VVinter and Sommer.

Page  [unnumbered]
Diogenes beholding a stranger come from Lacedemonia, more curiously decked on a feastiuall day, then he was wont, sayde vnto him, VVhat? doth not an honest man think that euery day is feastiuall vnto him?

Darius, the yeare before he fought with A∣lexander, altered his sword, or Acynax which he wore by his side, being a Persian blade, in∣to the fashion of a Macedonian, vvhich the Southsaiers interpreted, that they into whose fashion Darius had altered the forme of his blade, should become Rulers of Persia.

Dioclesian garnished his apparell and shoos with precious stones, where before his raigne the habite imperiall consisted but in a purple cloake. Eutropius.

Sysinius going to visite Arsacius the By∣shop, one of his familiers asked him, why he wore white attire, and where hee found it written, that a Priest should weare vvhite? Tell me first, quoth he, where it is written, that he should weare blacke? But hee could not tell. Then Sisinius sayd, thou canst not prooue for blacke, but I can for white; Let thy garments bee white. Sal. Our Sauiour in the Gospell wore white; Moses and Elias appeared in white. Eusebius.

Diogenes returning frō Sparta to Athence,
Page  95
was by the way asked from whence he came, and whether hee went, who aunswered, hee came from men, & was going to women, no∣ting therby the effeminacy of the Athenians, who were for that vice by the Lacedemoni∣ans & other Grecians had in derision.

The Senatours of Rome vsed a garment set full of studs or tufts of golde, and on theyr hose they wore like vnto a moone, vvhich were the cognizants and badges of most ho∣nour. Fenestella.

Plutarch alleageth foure causes, why the Romaines wore such hose.

The first, because they thought that the soules of great men, should by light of the moone, be guided the next way vnto hea∣uen.

The 2, was that the signe of the moone, did shew they were descended from the Arcadi∣ans, who came into Italy with Euander, for the Arcadians did imagine themselues more auntient then the moone.

The third, because in prosperity they shold remember the inconstancy and mutability of fortune.

The fourth, for that the signe of the moone doth stirre vp mens minds to modesty and obedience, mouing them to pray vnto God
Page  [unnumbered]
for wisedome, whereby both to commaun• and obey; euen as the moone doth take he brightnes from the sunne, being a more no∣ble and excellent light, so ought men to seek for wisedome from heauen.

The women of Athence much delighted in gorgeousnes of apparell, and trimming themselues. Aristophanes.

Among the Romains, no man might weare purple, but onely Senatours, Magistrates, Priests, and young men of noble families. Fenestella.

Adrian the Emperour, ordayned that no man should bring any strange fashions into Rome. Eutropius.

Scylus King of Scythia, because hee wore apparell after the Greeke fashion, was depo∣sed for so doing, and his head smitten off, and his brother Octumasides chosen King in his place.

The women of Lacedemonia wore theyr apparell short beneath, that one might see their knees, and some part of their thighs, which was ordained, to make them the stron∣ger and more warlike.
