
Eugenius the third, for his learning vvas had in great reuerence, yet seeking to sup∣presse the Patrician, he was driuen from Ti∣burie into Fraunce, and returning to Rome dyed. 1152.

Anastasius the fourth, of a Cardinall becam pope, he died in the second yere of his pope∣dome.

Hadrian the fourth, an Englishman, before called Nicholas Breakspeare, suffered the
Page  [unnumbered]
Emperor Frederick the 1. to hold his stirop, and was angry with him for mistaking it; he dyed 1159. being choaked with a flye as he dranke water; he made King Henry the se∣cond of England, Lord of Ireland.

Alexander the third, was chosen pope, but not by all parties, and therfore the Emperor appoynted Octauius, whom he called Victor the fourth, after whose death three Popes succeeded in order, Paschalis, Calixtus, and Innocentius, against Alexander; hee trod vpon the Emperours necke, who sued be∣ing excommunicated to be vbsolued; & dy∣ed. 1181.

Lucius the third, a Thuscane, borne of an honourable house, enioyed the popedome with much trouble; he died at Verona, anno 1185.

Vrbanus the third, for his seditious & trou∣blesome dealing, was called Turbanus; hee dyed anno 1188.

Gregory the eight, was carefull for the re∣couery of the Holy land, vvho going to stirrre vp the Pisans and Genowais in this matter, he was poysoned when he had raig∣ned two moneths.

Clement the third, after the death of VVil∣liam King of Sicill, who had no heire, clay∣med
Page  207
it to bee tributary to the Church of Rome, but the people chose Trācred, bastard to King VVilliam, who withstoode the pope and his forces; he dyed. 1191.

Celestine the third, crowned Henry the sixt Emperour, and put the crowne vpon his head with his foote, whilst hee stooped, and then spurned it off, saying, I haue power to make and vnmake Emperours at my pleasure; he dyed. 1198.

Innocentius the third, enraged that Phil∣lip vvas made Emperour agaynst his vvill, sayde, Eyther shall the Pope spoyle Phillip of his crowne and Empire, or else shall Phillippe take from the Pope his Apostolicall dignitie; Hee stirred vppe Otho a Duke against him, and by another Otho he vvas slayne; who vvas afterwardes made Emperour by the Pope.

He excommunicated Otho, and spoyled him of al his estate, creating in his place Fre∣derick the second; he also excommunicated and cursed king Iohn of England, but by sub∣mission hee receaued his crowne of Pandol∣phus the Popes Legate; he dyed. 1216.

Honorius the third, graunted Archbishops power to giue pardons, faculties, dispen∣sations, dualities, pluralities, within theyr
Page  [unnumbered]
Diocesse, being sicke of the spirituall drop∣sie, he dranke vp the treasures gf the Clergy, and had two Prebends, of euery cathedrall Church in England, one of the Bishops sti∣pend, and the other from the Charter, as Ma∣theus Parisius writeth; in his time it rayned blood for the space of three dayes in Rome, he dyed. 1227.

Gregory the ninth, maintayned the quarell of Honorius, against the Emperour whom he excommunicated and cursed three times, as Abbas Vspergensis, wryteth; vvhilst the Emperour was warring in the Holy land, he tooke Apulia into his possession; he made the diuision in Italy, betweene the Guelphs and Gibelines; he died for thought that the Emperours power preuailed agaynst him. 1241.

Caelestine the fourth, an aged man, purpo∣sed to pursue the quarrell against Frederick, but that he was poysoned the 18. day of his raigne.

Innocentius the fourth, deposed Frederick from the Empire, & cursed his sonne Conra∣dus; in his time by a counsell held at Lions, it was decreed that the Cardinals should ride on their trapped Iennets throgh the streets, and weare red hats, & crimson robes, to sig∣nifie,
Page  208
sayth Parisius, that they are ready to spend theyr blood for the catholique fayth, (but as Platina wryteth) for the honour of their estate.

Robert Grosted Bishop of Lincolne, dete∣sted and defied both in preaching and wry∣ting this popes couetousnes, pride, and tira∣ny, nor would admit an vnlearned youth to a canoniship of Lincolne, but rebuked the pope for it in a letter.

Cestensis in his seauenth booke, wryteth, that when this Bishop of Lincolne dyed, a voyce was heard in the popes Court, saying, Veni miser in iudicium Dei; Come thou wretch to be iudged of God; and that the pope was found dead in his bed the next day, & a blew stroke vpon his body, as though he had been beaten with a staffe, anno 1253, he being at Naples, and gaping for the kingdome of Si∣cill.

Alexander, the fourth, persecuted the King of Sicill, and in his time anno 1258. Richard Earle of Cornwall, sonne to King Iohn of England, was chosen King of Al∣maine for his great treasure, and the pope procured that he was chosen Emperour, but he did that closely, because hee had likewise for the same matter taken a bribe of Alphon∣sus
Page  [unnumbered]
King of Spaine, wher-vpon a Poet made this verse; Nummus ait pro me, nubet Cornu∣bia Romae.

Thus money sayth, for loue of me,
Cornwall with Rome shall linked be.
This Pope dyed anno Domini. 1262.
