VVhen Nicodromos the Musitian had smytten Crates the Thebane on the face, he ware a peece of paper on his forheade ouer the wound, where in he wrote, This did Ni∣codromos; He vvould of purpose scold with harlots, thereby to inure himselfe to beare al reproches the more patiently. Dem. Phal.

VVhen the persecuted Christians com∣plained against theyr aduersaries to Iulian the Emperour, desiring iustice; he ansvve∣red them, It is your Maisters commaundement, that you should beare all kinde of iniuries with patience.

Mauritius the Emperour, beholding the death of his children vvith great patience, vvhen he savve his vvife put to death, cryed out, O Lord thou art iust, and thy iudgements are right.

Darius, what ill hap soeuer chaunced vnto
Page  [unnumbered]
him, hee tooke it patiently, and vvas neuer troubled in minde for the same. Herodotus.

Anaxagoras vvas much commended for so patiently bearing the death of his sonne, for when newes was brought him that his sonne was dead, he sayd; I knew that I had begotten a mortall man. Laertius.

Eretricus one of Zenos schollers, beeing as∣ked of his father what hee had learned, aun∣swered, hee would tell him by and by; but hee thereat angry, strooke his sonne, vvho pre∣sently sayd vnto him, This much haue I lear∣ned, to beare patiently the wordes and blowes which my father giueth me.

Lycurgus hauing lost one of his eyes by the misbehauiour of Alcander towards him, the Cittizens brought Alcander vnto him to be punished; but he contrary to their re∣quest, patiently dismissed him, and pardo∣ned the offence. Thucidides.

Eusebius vvhen a vvicked vvoman of the sect of Arrius had vvillingly throwne a stone at him, and therewithall had vvounded him to death, he was so patiently minded, and so farre from taking reuenge, that hee svvore all his friends that were about him at the ve∣ry howre of his death, not to punish her for the same.

Page  53
Xenophon, Dion, and Antigonus, are fa∣•ous for theyr singuler patience.

The Gymnosophists of India were so pati∣ent, that from sunne rising till sunne setting, they continued vpon the hote sand vvithout either meate or drinke.

The Lacedemonians were most patient in trauaile, winde, weather, and warres.

Diogenes walking one day abroade in A∣thence, wherein there was many images of such auncient men as had best deserued of the Common-wealth, asked his almes of them all one after another; and being asked why he did so, I learne heereby (quoth he) to take deniall patiently.

The Hebrew Doctors figure the Asse as a perfect symbole of patience, fortitude, and clemencie. Cor. Agrippa.

Because the Asse patiently yeeldeth his bo∣dy to so many burdens, in reward thereof, he is neuer troubled with the lousie sicknesse. Idem.

The Asse vvas so respected in the olde Te∣stament, that when God commaunded eue∣ry first borne to be slaine for sacrifice, hee onely spared with men, Asses.

Christ vvould haue the patient Asse a wit∣nesse of his natiuitie. Idem.

Page  [unnumbered]
A certaine Philosopher vsurped the name not to the true vse of vertue, but for ostenta∣tion sake, to whom one sayd, that hee would not repute him a vvise Phylosopher, vnlesse he dyd vvith patience endure contumelies and iniuries, vvhich hee a vvhile did suffer, but boasting sayd; Now doost thou see that I am a right Phylosopher, but the other pre∣sently replyed, I had vnderstood so much if thou hadst held thy peace. Boetius.

Tyberius Caesar was commended of Sue∣tonius for suffering in free citties free tongs.

Philip of Macedon, asked the Embassadors of Athence vvhat pleasure hee might doe to them? to vvhom they answered, that it were the greatest pleasure to Athence, if he would hang himselfe; which the King patienly en∣dured, saying; Your reprochfull wordes doe make King Philip better able to reuenge your malice by warres, then moue him to aunswere your vnseeming speeches with words.

Alexander Seuerus beeing by some of hys friendes informed that he was greatly malig∣ned of his people, & blamed of the Senators for the slender regard he had of the Citty, he sayde: It belongeth to Princes to requite the good, and not remember the euill. Herodian.

Harpalus was of exceeding patience, being
Page  54
bidden by Astiages to supper, vvhere he had tvvo sonnes of his ready drest, and layde in a siluer charger before him on the table to bee eaten. Iustinus.

Of Education. There be two ages (as Aristotle saith) wher∣into the institution of youth is to bee deuided, namely, from the age of seauen yeeres vntill foureteene, and from foureteene to one & twen∣tie: for they that deuide the ages by seuen, most commonly say amisse, but it is rather meete to follow the deuision of nature, because euery Art and institution, will supply the want of nature.

