Mar. Anthonius set foorth a booke of hy• drunkennesse, in which hee prooued thos• prancks he played when hee vvas ouercom• with vvine, to be good and lawfull. Plut.

Darius had written vpon his graue thys in•scription; I could drinke good store of wine, & beare it well. Rauisius.

Ptolomey, vvho in mockery vvas calle•
Page  261
Philopater, because hee put to death his Fa∣ther and mother, through wine and women, dyed like a beast. Valer.

Lacydes a Phylosopher, by too much drin∣king fell into a palsie, whereof he dyed.

Aruntius a Romaine, beeing drunken, de∣flowred his own daughter Medullina, whom she forthwith killed. Plutarch.

Tiberius Caesar vvas preferred to a Pretor∣shyp, because of his excellencie in drinking.

Diotimus, was sirnamed Funnell, or Tun∣nell, because he gulped downe wine through the channell of his throate, vvhich was pow∣red into a Funnell, the end whereof was put into his mouth, vvithout interspiration be∣tweene gulpes. Rauisius.

In the feast of Bacchus, a crowne of golde vvas appoynted for him that coulde drinke more then the rest.

Agron the King of Illyrium, fell into a sick∣nesse of the sides called the Plurisie, by rea∣son of his excessiue drinking, and at last died thereof.

Cleio a vvoman, was so practised in drin∣king, that shee durst challenge all men and vvomen what soeuer, to try maisteries who could drinke most, and ouercome all.

Cleomenes, king of Lacedemonia, beeing
Page  [unnumbered]
disposed to carouse after the manner of the Scythians, dranke so much, that hee became and continued euer after sencelesse.

Cyrillus sonne, in his drunkennes, wicked∣ly slevv that holy man his father, & his mo∣ther great with child, he hurt his two sisters, and deflowred one of them. August.

Androcides a Gentleman of Greece, hea∣ring of Alexanders excesse in drunkennesse, vvrote a letter to him, wherein was a Tablet of gold, with these words thereon ingrauen, Remember Alexander when thou drinkest wine, that thou doost drinke the blood of the earth.

Those of Gallia Transalpina, vnderstan∣ding that the Italians had planted Vines in Italy, came to conquer theyr Countrey; so that if they had neuer planted Vines, the French-men had not destroyed the Coun∣trey. Liuius.

Foure old Lombards being at banquet to∣gether, the one dranke an health rounde to the others yeeres, in the end they challenged two to two, and after each man had declared how many yeeres old he was, the one dranke as many times as he had yeeres, and likewise his companion pledged him, the one vvas 58. the second, 63. the third, 87. the last, 92. so that a man knoweth not vvhat they
Page  262
did eate or drinke; but he that dranke least, dranke 58. cups of vvine. P. Diaconus.

Of thys euill custome came the lawe that the Gothes made, that is; VVee ordaine and commaund, vppon paine of death, that no olde men vpon payne of death, shoulde drinke to one anothers health at the table. Idem.

Of Lechery. This bewitching euill, beeing an vnbrideled appetite, in whomsoeuer it raigneth, killeth all good motions of the minde, altereth, dryeth, & weakeneth the body, shortning lyfe, diminish∣ing memory, and vnderstanding.

CYrena, a notorious strumpet, vvas sir∣named Dode camechana, for that shee in∣uented and found out tvvelue seuerall waies of beastly pleasure. Cor. Arip.

Proculeius the Emperour, of an hundred Sarmatian virgins he tooke captiue, he de∣flowred tenne the first night, and all the rest vvithin fifteene dayes after.

Hercules in one night deflowred fiftie.

Theophrastus writeth of an Indian hearbe, vvhich who so eateth, is able to performe 70. seuerall actions.

Page  [unnumbered]
Iohannes á Casa, Archbishop of Beneuento, and Legate in Venice, vvrit a booke in praise of the abhominable vice of Sodomitrie.
