After diuers decrees of superstition, hee di∣ed of the bloody flixe at Rocca Maura, a Tent vpon Rhodanus, ann. 1314. the seat vvas voyd 3. yeeres.

He caused Frances Dandalus, a noble man of Venice (vvho came to sue for fauour for the Venetians) to be bound with a chaine a∣bout the necke, and like a dog to lyue vnder his table, feeding vpon what fell frō hys tren∣cher, ere he could asswage his fury. Sabel.

Iohn the 23. a French-man was chosen, to him Charles the faire (as Sleidan vvriteth) first of all permitted to leuie tenths vpon the Ecclesiasticall reuenues, & that they should deuide the booty betweene them.

Hee maintained (and was therewith char∣ged in the Counsell of Constance) that the soule of man dyeth together with the body; which he neuer purged himselfe of, he dyed in the 90. yeere of his age. 1335.

Benedict the 12. renued the curses of pope Iohn against the Emperour Lodouicke, yet in the end he absolued him, notwithstanding that the Kings of Fraunce and Naples willed him to the contrary, and therefore they cal∣led Benedict the defender of an Hereticke.

Clement the sixt, excommunicated all the Princes, Lordes, and Bishops, that consented
Page  [unnumbered]
to the dooings of Lewes, (as Naucler vvry∣teth) to deface the Empire, hee created Vi∣counts, and made them Viccars thereof, and the Emperor on the othreside, appoynted o∣ther Viccars for the Church.

Thys Emperour, vvas by the Popes pro∣curement poysoned, and his sonne Charles vvho succeeded him, morgaged to the E∣lectors, the common reuenewes of the Em∣pire, which they enioy to this day; for they cōpelled Charles to take an oath, that these pledges should neuer be reclaymed, vvhere∣by at length, the Empire thus decayed, the Turke inuaded the Church of Christ, and made great spoyle thereof.

Thys Pope, vvhile his seruaunts vvent to dynner, leauing onely his chamberlaine with him, fell downe suddenly, and dyed of an im∣postume, ann. 1352.

Innocent the 6. Doctor of both lawes, and of an Aduocate made Bishop of Claramont, and of the Cardinall of Hostia and Peniten∣tiarie to the Pope, was made Pope himselfe, vvho vvhile he vvas preparing an Armie a∣gainst the Turkes, he dyed for griefe that the Romaines vvere at ciuill dissention, ann. 1362.

Thys pope, (according to most vvriters)
Page  212
vvas a very niggard, but for maintenaunce of vvarres very prodigall.

Vrban the 5. vvas made Pope at Auerino, to him Briget a vvoman of Swelande came, vvhen he vvas at Rome, and by reason of a vow which she had made, shee desired that there might bee religious persons both men and vvomen, of the order of S. Briget. Hee vvas poysoned, ann. 1371.

In his time the order of Iesuites & Scope∣tines first beganne, as Iohannes Palionedorus vvriteth.

Gregory the 11. vvas made Cardinall at 18. yeeres of age, by his vncle Clement, & vvas very learned; he excommunicated the Florentines, and demanded tenths through∣out the Empire; he dyed of extreame paine in the bladder, 1378. he remoued the court from Fraunce to Rome againe.

Vrbanus the 6. vvas a poore man, and very obscure, Iane, Queene of Sicill, yeelded her kingdome at his commaundement, & Otho Duke of Brunsmier & Prince of Tarentum, offered him the like, which he vnkindly re∣quited, for by his meanes, Otho was murde∣red, and Iane imprisoned, where shee vvas strangled to death by one Duke Charles, vvho violently got the kingdome of Sicill.

Page  [unnumbered]
This Pope, as Stella saith, was a crafty man, and one that would seeke to reuenge any in∣iury do one vnto him, he dyed in Rome, an. 1390. poysoned as some thinke, after hee had misgouerned the popedome 10. yeeres, none beeing sorry for his death. Hee dead, his nephew Fraunces was thrust from all his lyuing, and despised of all men, according to the saying, cū moritur praesus, cognatio tota fit exul. It is thought, that in his time one Ber∣tholdus Swart, an Alchumist & a Monke, in the North part of Germanie, first deuised & contriued Gunnes, to the hurte of many a braue souldiour.

Clement the 7. a Frenchman, was chosen by diuers Cardinalls, who fled from Vrban in the third month of his election, fearing his crueltie. He was ambitious needy, and yet very prodigall, (as Theodoricus writeth,) by reason of these two Popes at once seated, all Christendome was deuied, some taking part with Vrban, and some with Clement, he died 1392.

Boniface the 9. being scarce 20. yeeres old, was made Pope by cōsent of those Cardinals that remained at Rome; hee could neyther write nor sing, as Theodoricus witnesseth, and nothing during his time could bee demaun∣ded,
Page  213
were it neuer so vniust & absurd, but he would grant it for money.

There was neuer any Pope did beare such rough sway ouer the Romaines as hee dyd, as Cranzius writeth, hee canonized Briget borne in Sweazeland, and ann. 1404. he di∣ed of the Collick and stone.

Benedict the 13. before called Peter of the moone, before he was Pope, disputed against such authority, & the Clergy, he died 1424.

Innocent the 7. was much troubled about a murder that his Nephewe Lewes dyd in Rome, which he maintained, and therfore he & his Cardinalls were hotely pursued to Vi∣terbium: but commaunding the halfe of ec∣clesiasticall liuings both in Fraunce & Eng∣land, hee tooke the foyle (as Gaguinus sayth) and died shortly after at Rome. an. 1407.

Gregory the 12. Patriarch of Constanti∣nople, promised that he would renounce the bishopricke, if Benedictus likewise dyd not refuse to renounce also. But when Benedic∣tus fled into Spaine, Gregory reuoked hys promise; whereupon, by a Counsell they were both deposed, and in theyr sted, Alex∣ander the 5. was chosen, and Gregory for griefe dyed suddenly. 1415.

Alexander the 5. vvas a Franciscan Frier,
