
The Stoicks were great searchers for the originall of vvords and names.

The Troians, for theyr nobilitie & gentry, were called Dardans, for theyr fearefulnesse, Phryges, and for theyr valour, Troians.

The first of the Fabij was sirnamed Pictor, for his excellencie in the Art of paynting; vvhen he had paynted the vvalls of the tem∣ple of Health, he writ thereon his name, lea∣uing
Page  230
behind him a memory that he had been • paynter.

Titus Manlius, the vvorthiest of all the Se∣nators, killed one of the French-men which prouoked him to fight hand to hande, and •hē he had slaine him, he pluckt off a chaine of golde which his enemie wore about hys necke, and put it about his owne, whereof both hee and his posteritie were called Tor∣quatij.

Prophets are called Seers, because they see the misteries of the Gospell. Vrbanus.

Mar. Valerius, going to fight with a French man, a Crow lighted vpon his right arme, & sate there still, afterwarde, when they came to handy gripes, the same Crowe smote the Frenchman vpon the eyes, that hee coulde not see, by meanes whereof he was slayne, & Valerius was afterward sirnamed Coruinus.

In the old Testament, foure mens names were gyuen them before theyr byrth, Isma∣ell; Isaack, Sampson, Iosias, in the new, on∣ly Iohn and Christ.

Romulus was called Quirinus, of a Speare, for that vveapon he vsed; and the Knights of Rome were called Quirites, that is, speare men.

Aristippus was called Metrodidactos, because
Page  [unnumbered]
he was taught of his mother.

Calliope was named Calliopea, for her ex•cellencie, and Penelope, Penelopea, for th• sweetnes of her voyce.

Adam was buried in the same place vvhe• Christ his Crosse vvas set vp, and therefo•• it was called Caluarie, because the origina•• and head of mankind was buried there. Au∣gustine.

Paris lay the first night with Helena in the Ile of Cranae, and aftervvards called it by her name, Helena.

Colossians are denominated frō the great Colossus in Rhodes, a statue of brasse, being once one of the worlds seauen wonders.

The Heathens called the Christians Sarmē∣titios, and Semiassios, because they were tyed to halfe-penny stakes, and burned to death with shrubbes.

Aborigines, are home-bred people, the A∣thenians were so called, in token whereof they dyd weare Grashoppers in theyr hats. Diodorus.

The riuer Tygris, is so called for his svvift current. Iustine.

Valentinianus the Emperour, vvas called Funarius, for that before he vvas chosen, hol∣ding a roape or corde in his hand, fiue strong
Page  231
•ouldiers were not able to pull it from hym. ••••linus.

VVithin twenty yeeres, Italy had 9. Em∣•erours, which raigned by succession, & the •ne was slaine of the other by occasion, the •ast was called Augustulus, that is, little no∣ble, or little full of maiestie; the diminution of the name, vvas an euident signe that the gouernaunce of the Augustus shoulde fayle •n Italy. Agathias.

The Romaines had certaine Senators cal∣led Pedarij Senatores, who beeing slovve of counsell & pronouncing theyr sentence, did followe the footesteps of other Counsellers, saying after thē, & therefore were so called. Fenestella.

There were two Emperours in Rome vn∣like in name, & much more in manners, the one of them was named Nero the cruell, the other, Anthonie the meeke; the which o∣uernames the Romaines gaue them, the one of meeke, because he could not but pardon, the other of cruell, because hee neuer ceased to kill.

The name of Knight, or Gentleman, the Romaines did neuer admit, eyther consent to intitle those that coulde gather much ri∣ches, but such as had beene famous for being
Page  [unnumbered]
at the victorie of many battailes. Cicero.
