
Periander, one of the 7. Sages of Greece and a Tyrant, sent for his sonne Licophorna, that with his owne hands hee might kill him, because he mourned for the death of his mo∣ther, which when the Cittizens of Corcyra knew, they put him to death themselues, to deliuer him from his Fathers tiranny. Vale. Maximus.

Priamus had by Hecuba fifty Sonnes and Daughters, Orodes king of Parthians thir∣tie, Artaxerxes a hundred and fifteene, Ero∣thinus King of the Arabians, seauen hun∣dred, in confidence of whom he inuaded the
Page  115
confines of his enemies, and with seuerall in∣roads he wasted the Lands of Egypt and Sy∣ria. Petrarch.

Petrarch writeth of a married woman, that had twelue seuerall children by twelue seue∣rall men, one of them a yeere elder then the other, who ready to die, tolde her husband of them all he was Father, but to the eldest; and reckoning vp the Fathers of the other, the youngest cryed to her, good mother giue me a good Father; to whom she sayde, that a very rich man was his father, wherevpon the childe was glad, saying; If hee be rich, I haue a good father.

Astapus & Amphorinus bare such loue to their parents, that their Citty beeing burned, they tooke them vpon their shoulders, and carried them through the midst of the fire.

A woman of Athence, her father called Cy∣mon, being in pryson where he was like to be famished, craued so much leaue of the Kee∣per that shee might haue accesse to her Fa∣ther, whō with her milke shee preserued long time from death.

Harpalice, her father being takē prisoner by the Getes, redeemed him with more celeri∣ty then can be thought in a woman. Seruius.

It is written that three bretheren striuing
Page  [unnumbered]
vvho should enioy their fathers land, vvere content to be agreed by the King, swearing that they vvould stand to that which hee de∣termined; the King commaunded the dead body of the Father to bee taken vp, saying; that hee vvhich shot neerest the hart, should be the right successor; the eldest shotte him in the throate, the second in the breast neere the hart, but the third, abhorring this dam∣ned resolution, sayd; I had rather yeeld all to my brothers then bee so degenerate. To whom for his vertue and reuerence to his father, the King adiudged the land.

Israell many yeeres lamented the losse of one of his sonnes, for whom when hee vvas 120. yeeres old, he vvent downe with al his family into Egypt.

Dauid greatly lamented the death of his rebellious sonne Absalon.

Orodes King of Persia, hearing that his son Pacorus was slaine in the wars against Ven∣tidius, vvith extreame greefe therof became mad. Rauisius.

Auctolia the daughter of Sinon, and wife of Laertes, vnderstanding a false report of V∣lisses death her sonne at Troy, dyed for sor∣row. Idem.

Anius King of Thuscans, had a Daughter
Page  116
called Salia, whom when Oritheus had stoln away, threvve himselfe violently into a Ri∣uer, called afterward by his own name. Plu∣tarch.

Lucius Gellius, when in a maner he knew that his sonne had beastly abused himselfe with his stepmother, and attempted to be∣reaue him of life, became himselfe this wret∣ches defender, and before the Senate acqui∣ted him both of fault and punishment. Val. Maximus.

Dioschorus put to death his vertuous and religious Daughter Barbara, for imbracing the Christian fayth.

Ptolomeus Euergetes, beeing expulsed his kingdome for his crueltie, killed his sonne in Cyprus whom hee had by his sister Cleopa∣tra, & sent her his head & feete for a token. Liuius.

Apteras Saturnus, caused his owne Father to be gelded, killed his owne sonnes, & held continuall vvarres against his bretheren. Be∣rosus.

Deiotarus, hauing many sonnes, murthe∣thered all saue one, that he which suruiued al the rest, might be mightier, and of greater power. Gellius.

Hippomenes an Athenian Prince, for that
Page  [unnumbered]
his daughter Lima was founde in adulterie, caused her to be close shutte vp with a horse, giuing her no releefe, but the horse almost famished, deuoured his daughter. Laertius.

Oppianicus, contrary to the common na∣ture of Parents, was content for money to forsake his children. Cicero.

Domitius, detested his sonne Nero for no other cause, but that hee had begotten him vpon Agrippina. Suetonius.

Medea beeing forsaken of Iason, murdered her owne sonnes. Ouid.
