
Xantippe, Socrates wife, reuiling and chy∣ding him, in the end being caried headlong into wrath, ouer-threw table and all; wher∣vpon Euthydemus, whom he had inuited to supper, rose vp to depart; but Socrates not shewing him selfe angry with his wife, stayde him, saying, VVhat, doe you not remēber when we were at dinner with you, a Hen leapt vpon the table, and we sayd nothing, nor were angry?

Cato depriued a Senator of Rome from his place, because he kissed his wife in presence of his daughter. Plut.

Ruth, desiring to bee couered with Booz cloak, requested that he would acknowledge her for his lawfull wife. P. Martyr.

Amongst the Greeks, the childrē that ma∣ried without their Parents cōsent, were pub∣liquely whipt, and the Lacedemonians did not whip, but disinherite them. Laertius.

The Thebanes, not onely ordayned they shold be disinherited, but also cursed of their Parents openly; Let no man esteeme it light to be cursed of their Parents, for in olde time the Hebrewes children made more account of theyr Fathers blessing, then of their Grandfathers in∣heritance.

The wife of Thucidides the Historiogra∣pher,
Page  [unnumbered]
when she was asked how shee could in∣dure her husbands stinking breath, aunswe∣red, As no other but my husband hath come neere me, so I thought all other mens breath had been of the same sauour. Plut.

Dionysius married two wiues in one day, with whom hee slept and tooke his pleasure by turnes, the one followed him in his war∣like affayres, the other entertained him in peace. Plut.

Paulina a woman in Rome, had been mari∣ed to 22. husbands, who afterwards marying one that had 20. wiues, dyed in his life time; wher-vpon the Romains crowned him with Lawrell, in token of victory, and caused him to carry a braunch of Palme in his hand, at his wiues funerall. Hierome.

The Hebrewes had such a reuerence to ma∣ried folks, that he which had married a wyfe the same yeare, should not be forced to goe on warfare. Orosius.

The Romains did lay a penalty vpon their back, that liued a single life, nor would they suffer them to beare any office in the com∣mon-weale. Plut.

Augustus being a sore punisher of euill be∣hauiour, examined a Souldiour because he did not mary his wife according to the laws,
Page  108
who had hardly escaped iudgement, if he had not gotten three children by her. Idem.

Albinus obtained his purpose of the Em∣perour Adrian, for none other desert of his, but that hee had begotten an house full of children. Eutropius.

Lycurgus made a law, that they which ma∣ried not, should be kept in Sommer from the sight of Stage playes and other showes, and in VVinter they should go naked about the market place, confessing that they had iustly deserued that punishment, because they liued not according to the lawes.

The Greekes punished the breach of ma∣trimony, with ten yeares wars. Homer.

Among the Hebrewes, if a thiefe restored foure times the value of that he tooke away, he was acquitted, but an adulterers offence was punished with death. It was also lawfull among them to kill the adulterer.

Among the Hebrewes and the Persians, he was most commended, that had most wiues, as though the Cuntry were most beholding to him that encreased the same, with the gre∣test number of children.

Tib. Gracchus, finding two Serpents in his chamber, inquired the meaning thereof by a South-sayer, that if he slew the male first, hee
Page  [unnumbered]
should dye before his wife, but if the female, his wife before him; but louing his wife dere∣ly, he killed the male, and dyed shortly after. Valerius.

Orpheus wife Euridice, dying vppon her wedding day, he kept his loue inuiolable, and would neuer set it vpon any other.

Ninus, King of the Assirians, falling in loue with Semeramis, the wife of Menon his vas∣sal, requested that hee might haue her to wife, and he should haue his daughter in ma∣riage; but Menon loued her so well, that hee would not yeeld thereto, the King enraged, caused his eyes to be pulled out, & tooke her away by force, & Menon for griefe hanged him selfe.

M. Lepidus being driuen into banishment, hearing that his wife was maried to another, dyed for griefe.

VVhen word was brought to Plautius Nu∣midius, a Romaine Senator, that his wife was dead, he stabbed him selfe.

Silanus, after Nero had tooke his wife from him, slew him selfe.
