Semyramis, knowing her Sonne to be too young to rule, disguised her selfe lyke to a man, and gouerned the monarchy vntill her Sonne came to riper age. Iustin.

Vlisses fained himselfe mad, to auoyde the great expedition. Homer.

Marina, and Euphrosina, Grecian Virgins, were woorthily preferred before Cleomilus and Clisthenes, for that they vvent in the apparraile of men, to lyue in the vvilder∣nes
Page  [unnumbered]
to auoide lust, the others went in the ha∣bites of women, to beguile women.

Achilles, was by his mother Thetis, sent to King Licomedes like a woman, because hee might not goe to Troy, where thus disguised he g•t vpon one of them Pyrrhus Neopto∣lemus.

Sinon by dissembling gotte Troy for the Grecians; Conon the Athenian, deceaued the Persians in Cyprus, and Antigonus the Cittizens of Corinth.

Pyrrhus deceaued Cannius in his bargaine of fish. Cic. of fic. lib.

An old Lacedemonian, who had coloured his haires, discouered his head in a great as∣sembly, & made a declaration of such mat∣ters, about which he came. Archidamus the King, rose vp & sayd, VVhat truth can this fel∣low speake, whose heart is stayned with spots of hypocrisie and double dealing. Aelianus.

Eurydamas a wrastler, when his teeth were dashed out by his aduersary, hee dissembled his paine, and swollowed downe his teeth, blood & all, to the end, that hee which gaue the blow, might not perceaue the mischiefe.

Cleomenes, had a companion, whom hee made pertaker of a purpose he had to accō∣plish, to whom he swore that he would at∣tempt
Page  124
nothing, but Archonides should be at one end thereat, when hee had gotten what hee desired, he murthered his companion, cut his head from his shoulders, & layd it in a bason of honey: so when he put any deuice in aduenture, he looked vpon his head in the bason, saying, I breake not my promise, but I stand to my oath, for I take counsaile with Ar∣chonides head, according to my couenant. Aeli∣anus.

Meton the Astronomer counterfaited him∣selfe mad, and set his owne house on fire, be∣cause he would not goe with the Grecians their voyage into Sicilia.

Cato was so renowned for his truth, that when any man rehearsed a strange thing, and hard to be beleeued, this prouerbe went of him, because he was knowne throughout the whole course of his life, to be a louer of truth, This is not credible although Cato himselfe shold speake it.

Aristomenes, when he was dead and vnbo∣welled, his hart was hairy, which was a sure signe of his craft & subtilty.

Brutus dissembled himselfe a foole, to the end that men shold haue no mistrust of him, nor bee priuy to the greatnes of his cou∣rage.

Page  [unnumbered]
Ariston, being in loue with Agetus wyfe, found this fraud to get her frō her husband, hee promised Agetus to giue him any one thing that he would choose, of all that euer he had, praying him to doe the like for him againe; Ariston agreed and swore it, Ariston discharged his promise out of hand, & forth∣with demaunded Agetus wife, who because of his oath deliuered her.

He that bare the office of the chiefe Iudge in Aegipt, did weare an Image of truth hang∣ing at his breast, which picture was had in sin∣guler estimation of the Druides.

One when truce was taken with the enemy for 30. daies, ouercame his land in the night, because the truce was taken for dayes and not nights. Cicero.

Q. Fab. Labeo, being by the Romaine Se∣nate, appoynted dayes-man betweene the Nolanes & Neapolitanes, about the bownds of theyr land, did commune with eyther of them a part, and being come to the place, perswaded them rather to set backe, then to encroach vpon an other, which when eyther of thē had don, there was a parcell of ground left in the midst, then he caused their bownds to be staked out, and the middle part he ad∣iudged to the people of Rome. Idem lib. offic.

Page  125
Anniball, amongst the Carthagenians, and Q. Maximus of the Romaines, had meruai∣lous cunning in cloaking, keeping, dissem∣bling, making stales, and in preuenting the deuises of the enemy. Cicero.

Amongst the Greekes, Themistocles the Athenian, and Iason the Phaereian, excel∣led in this kind. Cicero.

A Syrian slaue in Sicily, after a mad sort ra∣ging with a desire to make a rebellion, pre∣tended a religion of dooing honour to the Goddesse of Syria, and called bond-men to liberty and armes, and that he might seeme to doe that by the will of God, he held a nut in his mouth stuffed with Surphure and fire, the which when he he spake, did cast foorth flames. P. Diaconus.

Twēty thousand of the Celtaebrians broght braunches of Olyue like petitioners, asking pardon, which comming nigh the Romains, gaue a violent onset on thē, Gracchus went from the campe of purpose, and made as though he fled, and whilst they were about the spoile, hee returned and killed many of them, recouering Complega. Appian.

Vlisses was not so wily, but he was matched by Palmedes, and his dissembled madnes dis∣couered.

