Pierides the nine Muses, daughters of Iupiter and Mnemosyne, dwelled in Helicon, and were called the Goddesse of Poetry & Mu∣sicke.

Momus, was the carping God, who neuer did any thing himselfe, but curiously beheld the doings of other, to carpe thereat.

Priapus, the sonne of Bacchus, and Venus, the God of Gardens.

Pomoma, the Goddesse of fruite, Flora of flowers, and Feronia of the woods.

Page  144
Charites, were the Graces, in number three, •glaia, Thalia, Euphrosyne, supposed to bee •he daughters of Iupiter & Venus.

Penates & Lares, were houshold Gods, but •ares for the harth and fire, called by the •ames of good and euill Angells, also the •reseruers of Townes and Citties.

Genius, or Daimon, the Panyms, thought to •e a good or euill Angell, appoynted to each man to guide and defend, or to punish them.

Fortune, is faigned to dispose and change the good and euill haps of men, the daughter of Oceanus, or as Orpheus, of the blood, as a po∣wer not to be resisted; shee is painted blind, and drawne in a Coach with blind Horses, vainly honored for a Goddesse.

Pan, was the God of sheepheards, of whom Duri• Samius writeth, that hee was the sonne of Penelope; whose wooers being so long de∣layed, they all abused her, and got vpon her, Pan.

Pales was the Goddesse of sheepheards.

Faunus, sonne to Picus, and father of Latinus, was the Father of all the rurall Gods, his Son Sterculius inuented the manuring, & cō∣passing of grounds, and therfore was deified.

Syluanus, the God of vvoods, loued Cypa∣rissus, who was turned by Apollo into a tree
Page  [unnumbered]
of his owne name, in remembrance of 〈◊〉Syluanus would alwayes beare a braunch• Cypres.

Ianus, a King of Italy, was a wise and pro•••dent Prince, and therfore they pictured hi• with two faces, he was called the God of •••terance, whose temple gates in time of wan• was alwayes open, and in peace shut vp.

Terminus, was God of the bounds, or seue•rall marks.

Libitina, was a Goddesse, in whose templ• were sold all things pertaining to funerals.

Oceanus, was the great God of the Sea, So• to Caelum, and Vesta the Father of all the Ri∣uers.

Tethis, was Goddesse of the Sea, vvife of Oceanus, and mother to all the Sea Nymphs.

Triton, was the sonne & trumpeter of Nep∣tune, begotten by him of Amphitrite. Ouid.

Glaucus, a fisher, perceauing the fishes which he had taken, by tasting of an hearbe on the banke, to leape into the Sea againe, ta∣sted therof him selfe, and by the vertue ther∣of, was forced to leape into the Sea, whence he was called one of the Sea Gods. Idem.

Nereus, was likewise a God, and Nereides the Faieries of the Sea, borne of Oceanus and Tethis.

Page  145
Proteus a God of the Sea, was some-times like a flame of fire, somtimes like a Bul, some times like a Serpent; he fed Neptunes fishes called Phocae.

Castor and Pollux, the twinnes of Laeda, be∣gotten by Iupiter in the forme of a Swanne; vvhen they came to age, scoured the sea of Pyrats, & therefore vvere counted the gods of the sea. For the infernal goods, looke in the chapter of hell.

The Assyrians vvorshipped Belus, the E∣giptians Apys, the Chaldeans Assur, the Ba∣bylonians the deuouring Dragon, the Pha∣raons the statue of gold, & the Palestines Bel∣zebub.

