Page  [unnumbered]
because hee sought by meanes of a certaine distribution of wheat, to make himselfe king of Rome.

M. Manlius vppon the like occasion, vva• throwne down headlong from a Tower. Li∣uius.

Diogenes vvould tread vpon Platoes car∣pets and cushions, and sayde that hee trode Platoes pride vnder foote; but thou doos• that (quoth Plato) vvith another greate• pride. Laertius.

The proude and stoute nature of Coriola∣nus, was the cause of his ruine, notwithstan∣ding, that therewithall he was one of the ab∣solutest men in all Rome. Liuius.

Epaminondas, perceiuing himselfe to bee somwhat prouder for his victory at Leuctra, came abrode the next day homely apparrel∣led in some griefe; and when hee was asked vvhence his sadnes proceeded? he sayd hee had no cause of heauines, but dyd that be∣cause he had beene too well pleased the day before. Thucidides.

The goodnes of Aristides, and the meeke∣nesse of Cymon, made the gouernment of the Athenians well lyked of all the Nations of Greece, but the arrogancie of Pausanias, made it to be the more desired.

Page  245
Philip King of Fraunce, & Iohn his sonne, lost Guien by theyr ouer-hastinesse, and Charles recouered it by gentlenes and humi∣litie. Froisard.

Zeuxis, when hee had finished the picture of Atalanta, beeing strooken vvith admira∣tion of his owne vvorke, brake into these vvords, and writ vnderneath it, Painters will sooner enuy then imitate my dooing.

Salacon, beeing knowne to be a very poore man, vvas of so proude an humour, that hee tooke vpon him as though hee had beene as vvealthy as the best, from him came thys prouerbe, Saloconica superbia. Suidas.

Anthony had two chyldren by Cleopatra, the one Alexander, whō hee called the Sun, the other Cleopatra, whom hee called the Moone. Appian.

Scipio and Haniball discoursing of the ex∣cellencie of a Captaine, Scipio asked hym whom he thought to be the best Captaine in the world? he aunswered Alexander, where∣at Scipio stayd; then he asked him who was the next? hee sayd Pyrrhus; at which hee grieued; then vvho the third? he sayd, my selfe. Scipio seeing him so aduaunce hym∣selfe, sayd, in what place wouldest thou haue put thy selfe, if thou hadst not beene ouer∣come
Page  [unnumbered]
of me? hee aunswered, I woulde then haue set my selfe before Alexander.

Pericles perswading the Athenians to fol∣low the vvarres, in an Oration vainely pray∣sed himselfe, saying, That for counsaile in this matter, they coulde not admit a more sufficient man then himselfe. Thucidides.

Iugurtha killed his bretheren Hiempsall & Adherball, that he alone might bee King of Numidia. Salust.

Aelius Adrianus the Emperour, boasted that vvhilst the Commonwealth was in qui∣et estate, he got more then all other Empe∣rours in warres, and destruction of Realmes and Countries; his name was so much fea∣red, that many kings sent him presents, see∣king to be at peace with him. Eutrop.

The ambition of Marius and Sylla, kindled ciuill vvarres with such extreamitie, that the streets of Rome dyd runne with the bloode of the Cittizens. Suet.

Alexander aunswered the Embassadors of Darius who intreated for peace, and offered his daughter in marriage, that as the heauens coulde not suffer two Sunnes to rule, so the earth might not permit two Alexanders.

Page  246
Of Enuie. The most auncient vice of the world is Enuy, and that which shall not end vntill the vvorlde end, is Enuie.

THE Poets haue alwaies written, that the enuious persons are continually tormē∣ted by Megera, one of the Furies of hell.

Caligula offered sacrifice to Enuie, as fea∣ring himselfe to be subiect to her furie, and therfore desirous to stand in her grace. Dion.

Aristotle enuied Isocrates so much, that he vvas wont to say, It were a shame for Aristotle to hold his peace, and let Isocrates speake.

Homer had his Zoilus, Virgill his Meuius, Cicero his Lycinius, yea, the Gods them∣selues had theyr Momus.

Fauorinus was vvont to wonder hovve he coulde lyue, because the Emperour Adrian enuied him, and therefore on a time yeelding to the Emperour in a certaine disputation, vvhen his friends that stood by, meruailed thereat, he sayd; shall not I yeeld to him that hath twenty legions of souldiours?

Plato and Xenophon, Demosthenes and Aeschines, greatly despised each other.
