
Pomponius Atticus, vvhen he saw Brutus •nd Cassius were driuen and expelled out of Rome, he sent them 100000. Sextercies, as • friend that ayded them at theyr need when •thers had forsooke them.

Gillias a Sicilian of Agrigentum, clothed •he poore, fed them, bestowed their daugh∣•ers in marriage, lodged strangers, and gaue •ntertainement to fiue hundred men, whom
Page  [unnumbered]
the sea had cast vpon that coast. Valerius.

Buza a noble Lady of Pouile, releeued ten thousand Romains which had escaped from the battaile of Cannas. Idem.

Hiero King of Sicile, gaue vnto the Ro∣mans in tyme of theyr neede, thirty thou∣sand quarters of VVheate, two hundred of Barly, and 250. pound weight of gold.

Q. Flaminius, hauing conquered the La∣cedemonians, discharged them of all talla∣ges, and impositions contrary to the manner of other conquerers, vvho are wont to lay burdens vpon the backs of them whom they had conquered.

Alexander was reputed the most bountiful and liberall of all Princes, who gaue to none but to Phylosophers, men of vvarre, and Counsellers.

One day a Iugler (by his subtile sleight) threwe a dry pease a great way through the eie of a needle, hoping to haue some reward, but the King making no reckoning of him, commaunded one to giue him a bushell of those pease to practise his feates withall.

Alexander gaue his Treasurer charge, to gyue to Anaxarchus the Phylosopher what∣soeuer he asked, and when hee had asked a• hundred talents, the Treasurer astonished
Page  51
•hereat, told Alexander, who answered, That Anaxarchus knewe well enough, that hee had a friend that both could & would bestow so much vpon him.

Caesar gaue a great summe of money to e∣•er• souldiour of the old bands.

Bellisarius vvas beloued of his followers for his liberality, because hee gaue them horse & armor vvhensoeuer they had lost them, so it were not through theyr owne negligence. P. Diaconus.

Vitellius, contrary to Caligula, neuer de∣nyed any man his request.

Scipio dyed poore, notwithstanding hee had subdued two mighty Citties, Numance and Carthage, so bountifull vvas hee all hys life time.

Lisander esteemed liberalitie to others, more then his owne priuate welfare.

Fabius Maximus, at his owne charge re∣deemed many Romaine prisoners that were taken captiue by Haniball.

Of Patience. This vertue causeth a vvise man to prepare himselfe to entertaine all kind of fortunes ther∣fore God hath so disposed things, that hee will
Page  [unnumbered]
not suffer man to haue a prescience of thinges to come.

OF all men, one man named Anarchus Augustus, was most patient in tor∣ments, and one woman named Laena, most patient for silence. Plinie.

Plutarch gaue the Emperor Traiane coun∣sell to be patient towards furious folkes, con∣sidering that time moderateth as many mat∣ters, as reason doth change.

Socrates beeing counselled to reuenge a wrong receiued, aunswered, VVhat if a ma∣stie had bitten me, or an Asse had strooke mee, would you haue me goe to law with them?

Ptolomey King of Egypt, demaunded me∣rily of a Gramarian, who was the Father of Peleus, who aunswered, that he desired first to know who was the Father of Lagus; no∣ting thereby his base parentage, whom when he vvas counselled to punish, sayd patiently, If it be vnseemely for a King to be mocked, it is also as vndecent for him to mocke another.

Valentinian was of a subtile wit, graue countenaunce, stoute in his affayres, in ad∣uersities patient, and a great enemie of the vicious, temperate in eating and drinking; and a friend to religious persons. P. Diac.

Page  52
After Sylla the Romaine had resigned hys Dictatorshyp, and became a priuate man, a certaine young-man greatly reuiled him, & gaue him euill language euen before his own dwelling place, hee nowe patiently bearing his speeches without any reuengement, who before had caused many of his country-men to die, for smaller offences tovvardes him. Appian.

