
Nero, after hee had killed his mother, con∣fessed that vvhilst he slept, he vvas troubled by her, and tormented vvith the sight of Fu∣ries. Cor. Tacitus.

A souldiour that fled (whom Epaminon∣das that famous Thebane General pursued) in returning backe slew him.

Niceas, the generall Captaine of the Athe∣nians, through the feare which he had con∣ceiued of the darknesse of an ecclips of the Moone, and not knovving the cause there∣of, stayed so long determining vvith hym∣selfe, that his enemies enclosed him round a∣bout, vvhere-vpon, he vvas taken aliue, and put to death, besides forty thousand Atheni∣ans that vvere taken and slaine.

In the Citty of Sparta, vvhich for Armes and Artes, flourished most among the Gre∣cians,
Page  226
there vvas a Temple consecrated to feare, vvhich they sayd, better preserued the estate of the Common-vvealth then any o∣ther thing.

Claudius the Emperor, vvas so faintharted, base minded, and blockish, that his mother said often of him, That nature had begun, but not finished him.

Agamemnon dispensed with a rich coward for going to vvarre personally, for a Mar• vvhich he gaue him. Homer.

M. Aurelius vvas so farre from fearing hys subiects, that he had neither gard nor porter in his Court.

Of Ingratitude. Vnder this monster, haue all vices vvith a curse beene comprehended: (omnia dixeris si ingratum dixeris;) most rightly figured in swine, who eate the Acorns, but neuer looke vp to the tree.

SOcrates, beeing pronounced by the O∣racle of Apollo to bee the vvisest man in all Greece, vvas poysoned for his religious care hee had in bringing vp the youth of A∣thence.

Page  [unnumbered]
The Syracusans banished Dion, by vvhos• vvisedome and valour they recouered they• liberty, and being afterward repealed, they killed him.

Anthony, in the time of Vespasian, after al• his seruice against the Vitellians, and after h• had recouered Rome, vvas suspected by Mutianus, brought to Rome without autho∣ritie, and visiting Vespasian in Asia, hee was so coldly entertained, that hee dyed shortlie after.

Philip the French-king, put one of hys souldiours out of pay, because hee was vn∣thankfull, and caused him to bee marked in the fore-head with the vvord vnthankfull.

The ingratitude of the Romaines tovvard Scipio, vvas by reason of the conceiued su∣spect of his fortunes, the suddainenes of hys expedition, and the greatnes of his enemies. Plutarch.

Plato, that princely Phylosopher, called Aristotle a Mule, because a Mule vvhen hee hath suckt his fill, and hath enough of hys Dammes milke, casteth vp his heeles, and kicks vnkindly; by this hee signified the in∣gratitude and vnthankfull nature of Aristo∣tle, for hee hauing receiued his Phylosophy from Plato, disdained his Maister, and in de∣spight,
Page  227
gathered an assembly, and planted a Schoole. Laertius.

The Athenians greatly commended thank∣fulnesse, yet no Nation was more vnthank∣full then themselues.

Caesar, vvhen hee had ouercome Pompey at Pharsalia, gaue great charge to his Cap∣taines, that in any wise they should saue Bru∣tus; but hee afterwarde, like an vngratefull person, vvas the chiefest of the conspirators. Appian.

Laena, vvho by Ciceros helpe had been sa∣ued from death, pulled his heade out of the Litter and cutte it off, hauing three stroaks, & making three vvoundes for vvant of cun∣ning. He cut off his hand also, with which he wrote against Anthonie. Idem.

The noble King Seleucus vvas kylled by Ptolomey Ceraunus, whom hee had saued from the fury of his Father, which vvoulde haue murdered him.

Craesus beeing releeued before hee came to his kingdome by one Pamphaes, aftervvard in token that he had not forgotten this good turne, he sent him a chariot full of siluer.

Darius, when he was not superiour to a pri∣uate man, receiuing a rich robe of Solon for a gi•t, after that hee was confirmed in the
Page  [unnumbered]
throne royall, he recompenced his curtesie committing vnto him the gouernment an• iurisdiction of the country of Samos.

Pyrrhus was exceedingly grieued for th• death of a friend, who dyed before hee ha• requited his many fauours.

