
Page  268
THE deuill suffered Herod in words, to pretend the worshipping of Christ, when he intended in his hart to kill him.

He made Pilate to confesse Christes inno∣cency, & yet against his owne conscience, to giue sentence of death against him.

Hee caused Iudas to kisse Christ, as though he loued him, & then to betray him.

The deuill caused Pilates wife to dreame, that she was troubled, because of Christ, and prayed him not to medle with him, for that the deuill knew by his death the restauration of mankind.

It is written in the discourse of the liues of the fathers of Aegipt, that one of them saw in a vision, the assembly of deuills, and hearing one report the diuersity of illusions, where∣with they had beguiled the world, hee sawe their Prince make great gratulation and re∣compence, to one of those ill spirits, that had deceaued a vertuous man of the Church, thē to all the rest, stirring thousands to transgres∣sions and sinnes.

In Italy, an vnlearned vvoman possessed with the deuill, being asked, which was the best verse Virgil made, aunswered, Discite Iu∣stitiam monite et non temnere diuos. Louicerus.

Page  [unnumbered]
A mayde, borne in Saxony, before she was twelue yeares of age, and one that neue• knew what learning meant (possessed as the other) prophecied in Greeke, and Latine the warres that were to come in Saxonie Idem.

The King of the Sodomites, in the person of the deuill, sayde to Abraham, Giue mee the soules, take thou the rest.

The deuil disputed with Michael about the body of Moses.

A Musition shewed his cunning before An∣tigonus, whō he oftentimes found fault with, bidding him set vp his treble string higher, & then his meane; the Musition said, The deuill is in it (ô King) by the Gods I sweare, if thou art more expert then I. Aelian.

The head and leader of euill spirits is Luci∣fer, which hath that name, for hee was made more cleare and bright then other Angells. Gregory.

He waxing proud against his Creatour, lost his light and fairenes, & as he was worthy he got him a foule darke shape of Apostacy, with him fell a multitude of Angells, who by the permission of God, change themselues into Angels of light, to deceaue the world.

One wryteth pleasantly, that hee is called
Page  269
Diabolus of Dia, which in Greeke signifieth two, and Boulos, which is Morsus, because he maketh but two bits of a man, one of the bo∣dy, the other of the soule.

The euill Angell or spirit of Brutus, appea∣red to him sitting in his tent, whom he bold∣ly asking, what man or God hee was, aun∣swered, I am Brutus thy euill spirit, and at Phi∣lippi I will meete thee agayne, where hee dyed. Plutarch.

Leuiathan tempteth with pride, Mammon attempteth by auarice, Asmodeus seduceth by leachery, Beelzebub inciteth to enuy, Baall Berith, prouoketh to ire, Belphegor moueth to gluttony, Astorath perswadeth to sloth.

Of Hell. Hell hath likewise diuers names, Infernus, Barathrum, Tartarus, Orcus, &c, from the which there is no redemption.

PLuto, the Sonne of Saturne and Ops, is of the Poets faigned, to bee the GOD of hell, and riches, hee vvas called Februus for certayne sacrifices for the dead, offered to him; in sted of a Scepter, he hath in his hands
Page  [unnumbered]
keyes, for that there is no returne from hell.

Proserpina, the daughter of Ceres, as shee was gathering flowers, was stolne away by Pluto, & afterward called the Queene of hel, and the dead. Apollodorus.

The three Iudges in hell, were Minos, Aea∣cus, and Rhadamanthus.

The three destinies, Chotho, Lachesis, and Atropos, were faigned to be the daughters of Iupiter & Themis.

The furies of hell, were called Eumenides, & Erimies, with which the guilty consciences of men were tormented.

There are foure floods in hel, Acheron, Stix, Cocptus, and Phlegeton, whose Ferriman was Charon, and the Porter of hell it selfe, three headed Cerberus.
