
Heraclitus was at such defiance with mirth that hee wept continually, and Democritus alwaies laughed. Laertius.

Bibu•us hearing of the death of both hys children in one day, lamented their losse that one day and no more.

Anaxagoras hearing tell that his sonne was dead, aunswered, It is no meruaile, for I begot a mortall body.

P. Varro remained so sorrowful in his hart to see himselfe ouercome of his enemies, & his vvife suddainely dead, that all the time he after liued, he neither combed his head, slept in bed, nor dined at the table. Liuius.

The Romaines were so sorrowfull for the death of Augustus Caesar, that they vvished hee had neuer beene borne, or being borne, neuer dyed▪ Eutropius.

Of Lying. This contrary to truth & nature, maketh that seeme very good, which is euill, and causeth the tongue to become a member of iniustice, when it vttereth more or lesse then is indeed; vnder this
Page  [unnumbered]
vice are contained Deceipt, Dissimulation, Cr••t, Hipocrisie, Idolatry, and cousenage.

THrough a lye, Ioseph was cast into pry∣son, and Saint Chrisostome sent into ba∣nishment.

The Egyptians ordained death to lyers, so dyd the Scythians and Garamantes.

The Persians and Indians, depriued him of all honour and farther speech which lyed.

The Gymnosophists, and Chaldeans, bar∣red lyers all companies and dignities, and condemned them to remaine in perpetuall darknes, without speaking.

The very wormes did eate the tongue of the cousoner Nestorius, in his lyfe time. Ni∣cephorus.

Popiel King of Poland, had euer this wishe in his mouth, If it be not true, I would the Rats might eate mee; vvhich came to passe, for he was so assayled by thē at a banquet, that ney∣ther his guards, nor fire, nor water, could de∣fend him from them. Munster.

Some write, that an Archbishop of Ma∣gunce died the lyke death.

The Emperor Traiane, sirnamed the good Prince, tooke away from the sonne of Ce∣ba•us the kingdom of Dacia, which we terme
Page  121
at this day Transiluania and Valachia, onely because he caught him in a lye, and •old him that Rome could not permit a lyer to pos∣sesse a kingdome.

After that one had reade vnto Alexander, the great History, out of Aristobulus, wher∣in he had intermingled certaine counterfaite prayses, he ••ong the booke into the Ryuer, saying, The writer deserued to haue been cast in himselfe.

In Almaine, a lye hath beene alwayes ex∣treamly hated & shunned, as it were a plague and bastards could neuer obtaine the price of any occupation whatsoeuer, nor take degree in any Art or Science. Zonarus.

The Emperours, Nero, Commodus, Max∣imilius, Iulius, Valencius, haue by lyes been brought to ruine.

Pope Alexander the sixt, neuer did what he sayd, and his Sonne Borgia neuer sayde vvhat hee meant to doe, pleasing them∣selues in counterfaiting and dissembling, to deceaue and falsifie theyr fayth. Guychar∣dine.

VVhen the Duke of Valentinois had cau∣sed certaine Princes to be murthered con∣trary to his oath, his Father the Pope told him, that hee had played a right Spaniards
Page  [unnumbered]
part, but they dyed most miserably, the one poysoned, the other slaine.

The Lacedemonians banished C•hesiphon because he boasted that he could discourse a whole day long of any theame, that was put vnto him.

Artaxerxes, caused one of his Souldiours tongs, to be nailed to a post for making a lie.

The Gabionites for lying lost theyr liber∣tie.
