
Amongst the Romaines, if any discention happened betweene the husband & the wife, the Parents of both parties met in a temple consecrated to the Goddesse Viriplica, and there tooke notice of their griefes, and also reconciled them.

Vlisses, albeit Penelope, were both faire & chast, would neuer trust her, vntill the very extreamity. Homer.

In Florence, euen at this day, he that is Fa∣ther of twelue children, male or female, pre∣sently vpon the birth of the twelueth, is free and exempt from all taxe, impost, loane, or Subsidy. Volateranus.

Adrian (of all the Emperors, the most lear∣ned in the Mathematiques & Greeke tong) vpon the confiscation of any mans goods at∣tainted and conuicted, hearing that hee had children, vvould restore the goods of the condemned Fathers, vnto them. Eutro∣pius.

The Arabians, Grecians, and Italians, did vsually keepe theyr vvyues shut vp in theyr houses, almost as prisoners, and now like∣wise the Turks. Antonius Geff.

Page  111
In Gascoine, the wiues are in no subiection at all, but gad vp and downe at theyr plea∣sures, like antient Amazons. Gilb. Graap.

Isis, Queene of Aegipt, made a law, that vp∣pon the marriage day, the husband should take a solemne oath betvveene his vvyues hands, that hee should not meddle with any houshold affaires, and the wife likewise be∣tweene her husbands hands, that shee should neuer entermedle with any forraine affaires or businesses. Diodorus.

The wiues of Sparta, were reported in the femenine sexe, to haue had masculine cou∣rages.

Theana, being demaunded what married wife deserued commendation, aunswered, She that medleth onely with her rocke and spin∣dle, that loueth onely her husbands bed, and kee∣peth her tongue in quiet. Atheneus.

The Essenians haue neyther wife nor ser∣uants, nor the Dulopolitans, called other∣wise the Rascalls and Slaues of Citties, pro∣fessed open enemies to all women-kind. Io∣sephus.

Homer bringeth in Iupiter reprouing and threatning his wife, when she is rebellious, but neuer further.

Vpon the Ascention day in Venice, the
Page  [unnumbered]
Duke accompanied with all his Nobles in a faire vessel of plesure made Gally-wise, go∣eth in it a mile or two into the Sea, & casteth there in a ring of gold, thinking by this cere∣mony they so marry the Sea vnto them, that all the yeare after they may haue safe passage for their commodities.

Of Parents & Children. God hath formed the mind to the perfect mold of truth and vertue, carrying it farre from vice, wherefore it behoueth Parents to giue their chil∣dren good education, which once taught, then is their voyage and Nauigation in this world hap∣py, making them thankefull to the occasions of their great good, where otherwise neglected, they abhorre the remembrance of their Parents, when through their damnable liberty and euill exam∣ples, they haue beene led away.

SOlon made a law, that those Parents in their old age, should not be releeued of theyr children, which cared not how they practised good manners, or profited in let∣ters.

Timarchides, being of wicked life, was not ashamed to haue his Sonne of tender yeares
Page  112
to be a viewer and witnes of his wicked ly∣uing. Cic.

Verres cared not how his Sonne spent his time, whether among harlots or honest per∣sons. Cic.

Scipio Affricanus (being eighteene yeares of age, his Father then Consull) saued his life at Ticinum, and ouercame him that woun∣ded his Father. Stat.

Vespasian being besieged of the Barbari∣ans in Britania, was deliuered by his Sonne Titus. Xiphil.

Lausus, the Sonne of Mezentius, defended his Father from Aeneas, and was slayne of him. Virg.

Antigonus, when hee had obtained a great victory of his enemies, hee tendered all the honour at his Fathers feete. Rauisius.

Antigone led her blind Father Oedipus. Sophocles.

Cleobis and Byton, drew theyr mother in her Coach, to the temple of Apollo. Cicero.

