
Page  [unnumbered]
Of all the Grecians that came to the siege of Troy, Nereus was the most beautifull.

The Madianites, perceauing the children of Israell to be impregnable and inuincible, so long as they sinned not, tooke of the beau∣tifullest young women they had, and sent to their campe, to entice them to sinne, which was the cause of their ouerthrow.

Spurina a young Romaine, of wonderfull beauty, because hee perceaued many to be enamoured of him, he did in most pittifull sort mangle and cut his nosethrils, so that hee seemed not onely deformed, but also odious to all men.

The Grecian women were fayrer then the vvomen of Rome, but the Romaines had a better grace, and were more rich in apparell then they. Eutropius.

Amongst the Romaines it vvas counted a great infamy, if any praysed the beauty of a woman, for in praysing her, hee let them vnderstand that he knew her, and knowing her, he courted her, and courting her, hee opened his hart to her, and this doing, hee plainly defamed her. Macrobius.

Page  78
Of Chastity. This vertue is generally taken for a chastice∣•ent of the troublesome perturbations of man, 〈◊〉 Varro witnesseth) but is more properly vnder∣••ode of that power, which in no case will suffer 〈◊〉 body to be polluted or defiled, being an espe∣•iall braunch of temperance.

NVma Pompilius, first instituted and e∣rected a temple, for the Vestall virgines, •ho made this law, that th•se which had be∣trayed theyr chastity, should be put into a Caue, in campo scelerato, with water, milke, and a burning taper, and there be buried quicke. Liuius.

The vvomen of Teutonica hearing that theyr husbands vvere slaine of Marius, be∣sought him that they might spende the re∣mainder of theyr lifes in the seruice of Vesta.

Electra the daughter of Agamemnon, was called at the first Laodica, but after the death of her father, she was named Electra, for that she continued all her life a maide.

Phaedon of Athence vvas slaine at a ban∣quet, by the 30. Tyrants, whose daughters to preserue their virginity, embracing each
Page  [unnumbered]
other cast themselues headlong into a vvell▪ Thucidides.

S. Augustine would not dwell with his si∣ster, because he might not be mooued with the least spark of incontinency, and being as∣ked the reason why, he aunswered, It is dan∣gerous to see a woman, more dangerous to speake with her, but worst of all to touch her.

Origen caused himselfe to be gelded, for that he would auoid the motions of the flesh. Rauisius.

The Athenian Priests called Hierophontes, did vsually drink• kind of poyson, to aswage the insurrection of the flesh. Idem.

S. Hierome being halfe broyled with the heate of the Sunne in the desert, confessed that he could not refraine, from thinking vp∣pon the beautifull dames of Rome. Eusebius.

Amabaeus, albeit he had to his wife a wo∣man of rare beauty, yet he neuer knew her carnally; the like is recorded of Dionysius the Tragedian. Aelianus.

Xenocrates, because he was not prouoked to lust by the wantonnes of Phryne, was sayd of her and others, to be an Image & no man. Valerius.

Alexander sharply rebuked Cassander for kissing one in his presence, and was angry
Page  79
with Philoxenus, for seeming to inuite him 〈◊〉 vnhonest actions by letters.

VVhen Pompey had put Mithridates to •ight, he would not touch his Concubines, •ut sent them all home to theyr friends. Ap∣•ian.

Dioclesian hauing taken the wife & daugh∣•ers of the King of Persia prisoners, did as A∣lexander had done to the wife and daughters of Darius, which deed caused the Persians to render vnto the Romains, all they had taken from them. Eutropius.

Nero beeing monstrous incontinent him∣selfe, was of opinion, that there was not a chast person in the world, but that men cloa∣ked their vice with hipocrisie. Tacitus.

The Lady Bona of Lombardie, fearing her chastity should be assailed in her husbands absence, followed him in the holy warres to Palestine, and rescued him from many dan∣gers, to her eternall honour. Guicchard.

Androchia and Alcida, two vertuous The∣ban virgins, hearing by the Oracle of Apol∣lo, that their Country should be victor ouer the Orchimenians; if two of theyr chastest virgins dyed voluntarily, couragiously killed them selues.
