
Scipio Africanus, was of opinion, that hee did all things rather by the counsaile of the Gods then of men, which he maintained all his life. Appian.

Page  138
In Prince Demylas time, there fell a stone from heauen, which made Anaxagoras of o∣pinion, that heauen was made of stone, and that but for the great compasse of the buil∣ding, it would sodainlay fall. Silenus.

Chilo of Lacedemon maintained, that man by reason might comprehend the foreknow∣ledge of things to come, by the might & po∣wer of his manhood.

Cyrus was of opinion, that no man was fit for an Empire, except he did excell those o∣uer whom he bare rule. Xenophon.

Alcibiades was of opinion, that those men liue safest, who doe gouerne their common-wealth, without altering one whit their pre∣sent customes and lawes, albeit they be not al∣together so good. Thucidides.

Of Perigrination. In this most commendable action, two things are to be pr•posed, the profit, and pleasure of tra∣uaile, the la•er, we are too greedy of by nature; the first which belongeth to the mind, is bounded with prudence and good cariage, which if it be neglected, the other two are vnprofitable.

IAcob hauing gotten vvisedome by tra∣uaile, is sayd i• Genesis, to haue had the
Page  [unnumbered]
sight of God, because to the actiue life he had also ioyned the contemplatiue.

Plato, after the death of his Maister Socra∣tes, made a voyage into Egypt, and then in∣to Italy, to heare and conferre with the best learned of those Countries, and to learne that which he knew not before.

Orpheus, to seeke the misteries of the Ae∣giptians, trauailed as farre as Memphis, visi∣ting all the Citties of the riuer Nilus. Argo∣naut.

Pythagoras, visited the Aegiptians, Arabi∣ans, and Chaldeans, and went also into Iury, and dwelt a long time at Mount Carmell. Strabo.

Saba, came frō Aethiopia, the farthest part of the world, to heare Salomons wisdom.

Cornelia, a noble woman of Rome, trauai∣led to Palestina, to heare S. Ierome •each the Christians.

Thalestris, Queene of the Amazons, came from Scythia vnto Hircania, with three hun∣dred thousand women, to lye •ith Alexan∣der 30. dayes, to haue a child by him.

Gueuara, Chronocler to Charles the first, writeth, that from forraine Countries, men commonly bring newes to prattle of, and strange customes to practise; and that few
Page  139
come out of Italy, that are not absolute and dissolute.

Lycurgus, by his lawes, commaunded the Lacedemonians not to goe out of their own Country, nor to conuerse with strangers, say∣ing, That although by theyr traffique with them they might bee enriched, yet on the other side, they would grow poore, in regard of their owne vertues.

Democritus Abderita, trauailed into many Lands and Countries, being 80. yeares old, only for the study of Philosophy, he ventu∣red into Chaldea, and entered into Babilon, at last, hee came amongst the Magitians and Gymnosophists of India. Olaus.

The Scythians trauaile onely in the Coasts of their owne Country; but Anacharsis fur∣nished with wisedom and knowledge, aduen∣tered further a greater way, for he came into Graecia, & was highly esteemed of Solon.

Osyris, King of Aegipt, trauailed the grea∣test part of the world, that hee might haue written vpon his toombe, Heere lyeth Osyris King of Aegipt, the eldest sonne of Saturne, that left no part of the world vnsearched. Diodorus.

Cheremon, a Stoicke Phylosopher, by the starre that appeared at Christes death, iud∣ging the same to be ominous to the Gods he
Page  [unnumbered]
worshipped, trauailed into Iury with cer∣taine Astrologers, to seeke the true God.

Fabius the Consull, in 70. yeares which he liued, departed not once from his village of Regio, to goe to Messana, which was but two miles off by water.

Apollonius, trauailed ouer the three parts of the world, to see and conferre with all the skilfull men of his age, and beeing returned with wonderfull knowledge, he distributed his riches amongst his kindsfolkes and the poore, and liued euer after in contemplati∣on. Philostratus.

