Page  92
which was appoynted euery fift yeare.

The second games were called Pythij, and inuented of Apollo, in memory that he kil∣led the Serpent Python; heere they exer∣cised running, leaping, wrastling, ryding, and swimming.

The third, were called Isthmia, inuented of Theseus, in the honour of Neptune of Isth∣mos, a place in Arcadia, where hee was wor∣shipped.

The fourth, Nemea, which they make in remembrance of Hercules, for that he killed a great fierce Lyon in the Forrest of Nemea.

In the first play, the garland of victory was of Oliue, in the second, of Oake, in the third, of Pine, in the fourth, the garland was of Poplar tree. Pyndarus.

The Troians in King Latinus Court, vsed for theyr recreation, the playing at the ball. Virgil.

The Corinthians thought it the greatest fe∣licity in the world, to spende dayes & nights in playes, and esteemed more happines to winne a game, then a Romaine Captaine to get a triumph.

Xerxes inuented the Chesse-play, to warne a tyrant to auoide his tirany, and by his play to let him vnderstand, how dangerous the
Page  [unnumbered]
estate of a Prince is, that dooth not vse his Subiects well.

Another play was vsed in Greece, eyther vpon the dice, or else closely in hand called, Euen and odde.

The Romaines had foure games, the first, Lupercalia, brought out of Arcadia by Euan∣der, & sacrificed vnto Pan vpon mount Pa∣lantine; the young men of Rome ranne na∣ked one vnto another, and he that was most swift of foote escaped stripes, but he that was ouer-taken by the way, was sure to speed.

The second, Circenses ludi in a place appoin∣ted by Rome, enuironed about with huge & strong walls, heere was running of horses, fighting on horseback, wrastlers, & leapers.

The third, Saturnalia, which Ianus did in∣uent in memory of Saturnus his fellow; this play was celebrated with much mirth, plea∣sure, and pastime: It was alwaies in the mo∣neth of September, when euery man saluted his friends with rewards, at that time al things were common. Macrobius.

The fourth, Gladiatoria, where the youth of Rome came to behaue themselues among theyr enemies, at the long speare, the long sword, the staffe, in that play naked without armour, they came to fight against theyr
Page  93
enemies.

Claudius Caesar Emperor, writ a booke of the Art of dicing & gaming, which he & his successour Augustus greatly studied. Agrip∣•a.

Caesar being warned to beware of Anthony and Dolobella, being fat, merry, and liberall speakers, sayd, that such were not be feared, but those rather which were sad, & of an hea∣uy complexion, as Brutus & Cassius. Plu∣tarch.

Alexander, when many Phylosophers had disputed in his presence, wherein consisteth the good hap of this life he made aunswere. Beleeue me friends, that in all this world, there is not equall delight or lyke pleasure, as to haue where-with to be liberall, and not wherefore to chastice. Plut.

VVhen Darius had ouercom the Lydians, he ordayned that they should vse perfumes, and doe nothing but daunce, leape, and hant Tauernes, to the intent that by that meanes becomming altogether effeminate, they might not haue the courage torebell after∣ward.

Pyrrhus seeing the Tarentines to be too ful of delicacie, forbad all assemblies to feasts, to mummeries, and such like, & brought thē
Page  [unnumbered]
backe to the exercise of armes, shewing him∣selfe seuere to those that were enrowled in his muster-booke, and bound to goe to the warres.

Cineas told Fabritius, how a Philosopher counsailed men to referre all their doings to pleasure, who prayed God to giue such wise∣dome to Romulus and the Samnites.

Demetrius hauing giuen himselfe to al ple∣sures, the Macedonians draue him out, say∣ing, That they were weary of bearing armes, and fighting for his pleasures.

Lewes the 11. permitted all Comaedians and Stage-players, to speake freely, and to reprehend such vices as were manifest. Ph. Com.

Of Apparell. Nature cannot be surpassed by Art, who ma∣ny times disdaining that she is prouoked, by how much more the greater force shee is pressed and couered, by so much the more she riseth vp and sheweth her selfe; the naturall deformity of the body, can neither he altered with sumptuous at∣tire, colours, nor odours, but make it eyther more euident to be seene, or more doubtfull to be su∣spected.
