Antonius, the Emperour, onely amended his life and manners, by the report of those as hee had sent about the Citty, to vnderstand what was sayd of him.

Publicolaes fame was gotten by leading of armes; Solons by ciuill actions.

The fame that Milciades got at Marathon, would not suffer Themistocles to sleepe.

Dionysius, as long as he perceaued himselfe
Page  222
to be well reported of, he was a good man, but when the priuy talke to his defamation came to his eares, he then began to leaue his good nature, and to exercise all kind of cru∣elty. Diod.

The Persians, when any of their Country∣mens good name was called in question, they examined the whole cause of their life, and if they found that their good actions did coun∣teruaile their bad, they were acquited; if o∣therwise, reputed vile and vnworthy of any calling. Herodotus.

Gorgias Leontinus, and Protagoras, for all the fame of theyr honour and renowne, yet notwithstanding were as far from know∣ledge, as boyes from manhood. Aelianus.

Artaxerxes, hearing of the fame of Hyppo∣crates, sent vnto the chiefe gouernor of Hel∣lespont earnest letters for him.

Poore Codrus, and ragged Irus, are as fa∣mous in respect, being beggers (with Poets) as Mydas, and Caesar, two famous & weal∣thy Kings of Lidia, are mentioned of Plu∣tarch.

Aristophanes, maketh as much mention of Cleonimus the coward, as Homer dooth of valiant Achilles.

Iuuenall, & Claudian, report no lesse of the
Page  [unnumbered]
little Pigmees, then Ouid or Virgill of the monstrous Cyclops.

Polyphemus, and Enceladus, two huge monstrous Gyants, are not so famous in Virgill for theyr bignes, as Conopas, or Mo∣lon, two little Dwarfes, of two feete length, are renovvned in Plinie for theyr smale∣nes.

Lysimachus, was famed ouer all the world, for that he being but a young Souldier vnder King Alexander, killed a Lyon.

Ilerdes was so famous for archery, that hee could kill a bird flying in the ayre, so could Catenes, and Commodus.

Paris, was famous (though otherwise infa∣mous) for that vvhen neyther Hector nor Troylus, nor all the power of Phrygia could ouercome Achilles, hee with an arrow slew him.

The fame of Rome in Tullies youth, was but in her minority, & had not as then pas∣sed the mount Caucasus, but afterwardes it grew in strength, and spred her wings ouer all the world. Cicero.

Iulius Caesar wept, beholding the Image of Alexander the great, at foure and twenty yeares of age, saying, Am not I miserable that haue done nothing woorthy of memory, and yet
Page  223
this Prince at these yeares had executed so many notable things.

An Indian beeing commaunded by Alex∣ander to shoote before him, because hee had heard of his excellency in that Arte, would not doe it, where-vpon he condemned him to death; who going to execution sayde, That he had beene a very good Archer, but be∣cause hee had long time intermitted the exer∣cise, hee feared hee should loose the reputation he once got, and chose therefore to dye. Curtius.

Alcibiades, excelled in all Nations where∣soeuer he came, euery man in the thing hee had most skill in. Thucidides.

Cn. Pompeius, who was but 24. yeares of age, tryumphed ouer Affrike, a thing neuer erst seene in any Romaine. Eutropius.

Alexander, refused to come to the feasts of Olympian gams, because there was no kings to try the prices with-all.

Pompey, from his youth, shewed in his countenance great sparks of honour, a plea∣sant mildnes ioyned with a manly grauity, & in his conditions & behauior, a reuerent ex∣cellency of kingly maiesty.

Ptolomey, hauing ouercome Demetrius, & put his hoost to flight, at the Citty of Ga∣za, restored him his treasure & all his stuffe,
Page  [unnumbered]
