The same hauing trauailed Asia, Africa, & Europa, sayd, that of two things he meruai∣led most in all the world; the first was, that he alwayes saw the proude man commaund the humble, the quarrailous the quiet, the ty∣rant the iust, the coward the hardy, the igno∣rant the skilfull, & the greatest theeues hang the innocent.

P. Seruilius, was the first Romaine that made any voyage to Taurus, from whence when he returned, he triumphed and merited the name to be called Isauricus.

Anaxagoras, trauailed from Greece into Aegipt, vnto Persia, and Chaldea, and to di∣uers other Countries for knowledge sake.

Page  140
Vlisses, in his pilgrimage was wise, learning Phisicke of Aeolus, of Circes Magicke, and Astronomy of Calipso.

Phylosophers, when they were yong, stu∣died, whē they came to be men, they trauai∣led, and when they were old, they returned home and writ.

The Persians, if any of their Countrey did imitate the behauiour of strangers, and so trouble common orders, he should therfore dye.

Lycurgus caried the whole body of Ho∣mers Poetry into Greece, out of Ionia, in his voyage and perigrination.

Appollonius, in his trauailes found a table of fine golde, called, The table of the Sunne, wherein all the world was portraied.

Not euer to haue seene Asia is praise woor∣thy, but to haue liued temperatly in Asia, is highly to be commended. Cicero.

Anacharsis was put to death, for that by his trauailes he had learned strange fashions and conditions, which he sought to ground in his owne Country. Herodotus.

The Hebrewes called theyr Aduersaries Allophilos, that is, of a strange Cuntry. Amb.

Fooles in old time trauailed to see Chorae∣bus tombe.

Page  [unnumbered]
The Lacedemonians vvere so great ene∣mies to nouelties in theyr common-wealth, that they neither permitted strangers to en∣ter, or theyr people to wander into straunge Countries, doubting to be intangled vvith new fashions and customes.

Certaine studious persons of the Gaules and Spaniardes, went from theyr natiue Countries, with tedious iourneyes towards Rome, personally to beholde the Oratour and Historiographer, Titus Liuius. Philo∣stratus.

The Athenians put theyr Embassadours whom they sent into Arcadia to death, be∣cause they went not that way which was cō∣maunded, but a contrary.

Apollonius Thyaneus, who had trauailed the greatest part of the vvorld, being asked of a Priest at Ephesus, what thing hee won∣dered at in all this vvorlde, aunswered, I let thee know Priest of Diana, that I haue beene through Fraunce, England, Spayne, Germany, through the Laces and Lydians, Hebrewes, and Greekes, Parths, and Medes, Phrygians, and Corinthians, Persians, and aboue all, in the great Realme of India, for that alone is more woorth then all the Realmes together.

Alexander, at what time he had ouercome
Page  141
Darius, in a place called Arbellis, demaun∣•ed of his Noble-men the safest way into Ae∣•ipt, but none could tell; a certaine Mer∣•hant, who had beene a great trauailer, pro∣mised in three dayes iourney, to bring him safe into Aegipt, which Alexander at the first not beleeuing, in the end found true. Luci∣anus.

Of Gods & Goddesses. The Auntients deuided their fayned Deities into three powers, of heauen, earth, and water, the first were the disposers and directors of mens actions, some ruled the ayrie Regions, others raigned in hell, and punished offendours, and some were Gods of the mountaines, some of shep∣heards, some of husbandry, and some of woods; the last sort were Gods of the Sea, some of floods, others of riuers, and some of springs and foun∣taines.

SAturne, was the sonne of King Caelius and Vesta, brother to Titan, who at the per∣swasion of his mother, and Ops and Ceres, his sisters (much mislyking that one so rude as Titan, should ascende to the succession of
Page  [unnumbered]
Caelius crowne) gaue the kingdome to Sa∣turne his younger brother, vnder this coue∣nant notwithstanding, that he should slay al• his male children, to the end the issue of Ti∣tan might after Saturnes death, repossesse the kingdome.

Saturnes wife and sister Ops, brought foorth a sonne, which hee caused to be slaine, after this, shee was deliuered of a daughter and a sonne, Iupiter, and Iuno, who desirous to saue the life of his sonne, gaue him to her mother Vesta, and presented only the daugh∣ter to Saturne.

After this, contrary to the knowledge of Saturne, shee brought forth an other sonne, called Neptune, and at another birth Pluto and Glauca, but she onely shewed the daugh∣ter.

Titan vnderstanding that Saturne had bro∣ken promise with him, with the forces of the Titanois his children, inuaded Saturne, impri∣soned him and his wife Ops, which Iupiter ha∣uing knowledge of, being a valiant Prince, and ayded with the Coribantes, amongst whō he was trayned, ouercame Titan, and deliue∣red his Parents.

