owne conƒcience, not iudgyng other mennes myndes o°
conƒciences; where as he hath no warrant of Goddes wo°d
to the ƒame. 
The Communion.
¶ Then ƒhall folowe fo° the Offerto°y, one o° mo, of theƒe Sentences of
holy ƒcripture, to bee ƒong whiles the people doo offer, o° els one of theim to
bee ƒaied by the mini¥er, immediatly afo°e the offeryng.
Let your light ƒo ƒhine befo°e men, that they maye ƒee
your good woo°kes, and glo°ify your father whiche is in
heauen.
Math. v.
Laie not vp fo° yourƒelfes treaƒure vpon the yearth,
where the ru¥ and mothe doth co°rupt, and where theues
b°eake th°ough and ¥eale: But laie vp fo° yourƒelfes
treaƒures in heauen, where neyther ru¥e no° mothe doth
co°rupt, and where theues do not b°eake th°ough no° ¥eale.
Math. vi.
Whatƒoeuer you would that menne ƒhould do vnto you,
euen ƒo do you vnto them: fo° this is the Lawe and the
Prophetes.
Math. vii.
Not euery one that ƒaieth vnto me, lo°de, lo°de, ƒhall
entre into the kyngdom of heauen, but he that doth the will
of my father whiche is in heauen.
Math. vii.
Zache ¥ode furthe, and ƒaied vnto the Lo°de: beholde,
Lo°d, the halfe of my goodes I geue to the poo°e, and if I
haue doen any wrong to any man, I re¥o°e foure fold.
Luc. xix.
Who goeth a warfare at any tyme at his owne co¥?
who planteth a vineyarde, and eateth not of the fruite
thereof? O° who fedeth a flocke, and eateth not of the milke
of the flocke?
i. Cor. ix.
If we haue ƒowen vnto you ƒpirituall thinges, is it a
great matter yf we ƒhall reape your wo°ldly thynges?
i. Cor. ix.
Dooe ye not knowe, that they whiche mini¥er aboute
holy thinges, lyue of the Sacrifice? They whiche waite of
the alter are partakers with the alter? euen ƒo hath the lo°de
alƒo o°dained: that they whiche p°eache the Goƒpell, ƒhould
lyue of the Goƒpell.
i. Cor. ix.
He whiche ƒoweth litle, ƒhall reape litle, and he that ƒoweth
plenteouƒly, ƒhall reape plenteouƒly. Let euery manne
ii. Cor. ix.
do acco°dyng as he is diƒpoƒed in his hearte, not grudgyngly,
o° of nece±itie; fo° God loueth a cherefull geuer.
Gala. vi. Let him that is taught in the woo°de, mini¥er vnto hym
that teacheth, in all good thinges. Be not deceiued; G O D
