himƒelfe, and next deliuer it to other Mini¥ers, if any be there
p°eƒent, (that they may bee ready to helpe the chiefe Mini¥er,) and
after to the people.
And when he deliuereth the Sacramente of the body of Ch°i¥e,
he ƒhall ƒay to euery one theƒe woo°des.
The body of our Lo°de Jeƒus Ch°i¥e whiche was geuen
fo° thee, p°eƒerue thy bodye and ƒoule vnto euerla¥ing lyfe.
And the Mini¥er deliuering the Sacrament of the bloud, and
geuing euery one to d°inke once and no mo°e, ƒhall ƒay,
The bloud of our Lo°de Jeƒus Ch°i¥e which was ƒhed fo°
thee, p°eƒerue thy bodye and ƒoule vnto euerla¥yng lyfe.
If there be a Deacon o° other P°ie¥, then ƒhal he folow with the
Chalice: and as the P°ie¥ mini¥ereth the Sacrament of the body,
ƒo ƒhal he (fo° mo°e expedition) mini¥er the Sacrament of the
bloud, in fourme befo°e written.
In the Communion tyme the Clarkes ƒhall ƒyng,
ii. O lambe of god, that take¥e away the ƒinnes of the
wo°lde : haue mercie vpon vs.
O lambe of god, that take¥e away the ƒynnes of the
wo°lde : graunt vs thy peace.
Beginning ƒo ƒoone as the P°ie¥e doeth receyue the holy
Communion: and when the Communion is ended, then ƒhall the
Clarkes ƒyng the po¥ Communion.
Sentences of holy Scripture, to be ƒayd o° ƒong euery daye one,
after the holy Communion, called the po¥ Communion. 
The Communion.
IF any man will folowe me, let him fo°ƒake hymƒelfe,
and take vp his cro±e and folowe me.
Math. xvi.
Whoƒoeuer ƒhall indure vnto thende, he ƒhalbe ƒaued.
Prayƒed be the Lo°de god of Iƒraell, fo° he hath viƒited
and redemed hys people: therefo°e let vs ƒerue hym all the
dayes of our lyfe, in holines and righteouƒnes accepted befo°e
hym.
Mar. xiii.
Luc. i.
Happie are thoƒe ƒeruauntes, whome the Lo°d (when he
cummeth) ƒhall fynde waking.
Luc. xii.
Be ye readye, fo° the ƒonne of manne will come at an
hower when ye thinke not.
Luc. xii.
The ƒeruaunte that knoweth hys mai¥ers will, and hath
not p°epared himƒelf, neither hath doen acco°ding to his will,
ƒhalbe beaten with many ¥ripes.
Luc. xii.
The howre cummeth, and now it is, when true woo°- John iiii.
ƒhippers ƒhall wurƒhip the father in ƒpirite and trueth.
Beholde, thou art made whole, ƒinne no mo°e, le¥ any
wurƒe thing happen vnto thee.
