many conƒideracions be wel re¥o°ed again, yet it
is thought good to folowe theƒame as nere as
conueniently maybe be : Wherfo°e the people are to bee admoniƒhed, that it is
mo¥e conueniente that baptiƒme ƒhoulde not be mini¥red but vpon Sondayes
and other holy dayes, when the mo¥ numb°e of people maye come together.
As well fo° that the congregacion there p°eƒente may te¥ifie the receyuyng
of them, that be newly baptyƒed, into the noumb°e of
Ch°i¥es Churche, as alƒo becauƒe in the Baptiƒme
of Infantes, euery manne p°eƒente maye
be put in rememb°aunce of his
owne p°ofe±ion made
to God in his Baptiƒme.
Fo° whiche
cauƒe alƒo it is expediente that Baptiƒme be mini¥red
in the Engliƒhe tounge. Neuerthele±e (yf
nece±itie ƒo requyre) child°en ought
at all tymes to be baptiƒed,
eyther at the churche
o° els at home. 
PVBLIKE BAPTISME.
When there are child°en to be Baptiƒed vpon the Sonday, o° holy
daye, the parentes ƒhall geue knowledge ouer nyght o° in the
mo°nyng, afo°e the beginning of Mattens to the curate. And then
the Godfathers, Godmothers, and people, with the child°en mu¥e be
ready at the Church do°e, either immediatly afo°e the la¥e
Canticle at Mattens o° els immediatly afo°e the la¥ Canticle at
Euenƒong, as the Curate by his diƒcrecion ƒhall appoynte. And
then, ¥andyng there, the p°ie¥e ƒhall aƒke whether the chyld°en be
baptiƒed on no. If they aunƒwere No, then ƒhall the p°ie¥ ƒaye thus.
Eare beloued, fo°aƒmuche as all men bee
conceyued and bo°ne in ƒinne, and that no
manne bo°ne in ƒynne, can entre into the
kingdom of God (except he be regenerate,
and bo°ne a newe of water, and the holy
gho¥) I beƒeche you to call vpon God the
father th°ough our Lo°d Jeƒus Ch°i¥, that of his bounteouƒe
mercy he wil graunt to theƒe child°en that thing, which by
nature they cannot haue, that is to ƒaye, they may be
baptiƒed with the holy gho¥, and receyued into Ch°i¥es holy
Church, and be made lyuely memb°es of the ƒame.
¶ Then the p°ie¥e ƒhall ƒaye.
Let vs p°aye.
Lmyghtie and euerla¥yng God, whiche of
thy iu¥ice dyde¥ de¥roy by fluddes of
water the whole wo°lde fo° ƒynne, excepte
.viii. perƒones, whome of thy mercy (the
ƒame tyme) thou dide¥ ƒaue in the Arke: And
when thou dide¥ d°owne in the read ƒea wycked kyng Pharao
with al his armie, yet (at the ƒame time) thou dide¥
leade thy people the chyld°en of Iƒrael ƒafely th°ough the
