Then ƒhall folowe the Collect of the daie, with one of theƒe two Collectes
folowynge, fo° the kyng.
Lmightie God, whoƒe kingdom is
euerla¥ing, and power infinite, haue
mercie vpon the whole congregacion,
and ƒo rule the heart of thy choƒen ƒeruaunt
Edward the ƒixt, our kyng and
gouernour: that he (knowyng whoƒe
mini¥er he is) maie aboue al thinges,
ƒeke thy honour and glo°y, & that we his ƒubiectes (duely
conƒydering whoƒe aucto°itie he hath) maye faithfully
ƒerue, honour, and humbly obeye him, in thee, and fo° thee,
acco°ding to thy ble±ed wo°d and o°dinaunce: Th°ough
Jeƒus Ch°i¥e oure Lo°de, who with thee, and the holy
gho¥e, liueth and reigneth, euer one God, wo°lde without
ende. Amen.
Lmightie and euerla¥ing GOD, wee bee
taught by thy holy wo°de, that the heartes of
Kynges are in thy rule and gouernaunce,
and that thou doe¥ diƒpoƒe, and turne them as
it ƒemeth be¥ to thy godly wiƒedom: We
humbly beƒeche thee, ƒo to diƒpoƒe and gouerne, the heart of
Edward the ƒixt, thy ƒeruaunt, our Kyng and gouernour,
that in all his thoughtes, wo°des, and wo°kes, he maye euer
ƒeke thy honour and glo°y, and ¥udy to p°eƒerue thy people,
committed to his charge, in wealth, peace, and Godlynes:
Graunt this, O mercifull father, fo° thy dere ƒonnes ƒake,
Jeƒus Ch°i¥ our Lo°de. Amen. 
The Collectes ended, the p°ie¥, o° he that is appointed, ƒhall reade
the Epi¥le, in a place a±igned fo° the purpoƒe, ƒaying,
The Epi¥le of ƒainct Paule, written in the Chapiter
of to the.
The Mini¥er then ƒhall reade thepi¥le. Immediatly after the
Epi¥le ended, the p°ie¥, o° one appointed to reade the Goƒpel, ƒhall
ƒaie,
The holy Goƒpell, written in the Chapiter of.
The Clearkes and people ƒhall aunƒwere,
Glo°y be to thee, O Lo°de.
The p°ie¥ o° deacon then ƒhall reade the Goƒpel: after the Goƒpell
ended, the p°ie¥ ƒhall begin,
I beleue in one God.
The clerkes ƒhall ƒyng the re¥.
The father almightie, maker of heauen and yearth, and
of all thinges viƒible, and inuiƒible: And in one Lo°de Jeƒu
Ch°i¥, the onely begotten ƒonne of G O D , begotten of his
father befo°e all wo°ldes, God of G O D , light of light,
very God of very God, begotten, not made, beeyng of one
ƒub¥aunce with the father, by whom all thinges were made,
who fo° vs men, and fo° our ƒaluacion, came doune from
heauen, and was incarnate by the holy Gho¥e, of the
