Remember not lo°de, our offences, no° the offences of our
fo°efathers, neither take thou uengeaunce of our ƒinnes:
ƒpare vs good lo°d, ƒpare thy people, whom thou ha¥ redemed
with thy moo¥ p°ecious bloude, and be not angry
with vs fo° euer:
Spare vs, good Lo°de.
From al euill and miƒchiefe, from ƒynne, from the craftes
and a±aultes of the deuyll, from thy wrathe, and from
euerla¥yng damnacion:
Good lo°de deliuer vs.
From blyndnes of heart, from p°yde, vainglo°y, and Hypocriƒy,
from enuy, hatred, and malice, and all vncharitablenes:

Good lo°de deliuer vs.
From fo°nicacion, and all other deadlye ƒynne, and from al
the deceytes of the wo°lde, the fleƒhe, and the deuill:
Good lo°de deliuer vs.
From lightning and tempe¥, from plage, pe¥ilence, and
famine, from battaile and murther, and from ƒodain death:
Good lo°de deliuer vs. 
The Letany and
From all ƒedicion and p°iuye conƒpiracie, from the ty°annye
of the biƒhop of Rome and all his dete¥able eno°mities, from
al falƒe doctrine and heriƒy, from hardnes of heart, and
contempte of thy wo°d and commaundemente:
Good lo°de deliuer vs.
By the mi¥ery of thy holy incarnacion, by thy holy
Natiuitie and Circumciƒion, by thy Baptiƒme, fa¥yng, and
temptacion:
Good lo°de deliuer vs.
By thyne agony and bloudy ƒweate, by thy cro±e and
pa±ion, by thy p°ecious death and burial, by thy glo°ious
reƒurreccion and aƒcencion, by the comming of the holy go¥:
Good lo°de deliuer vs.
In all tyme of our tribulacion, in all time of our wealth, in
the houre of death, in the daye of iudgement:
Good lo°de deliuer vs.
We ƒynners do beƒeche thee to heare vs (O Lo°de God) and
that it maye pleaƒe thee to rule and gouern thy holy
Churche vniuerƒall in the right waye:
We beƒeche thee to heare vs good lo°de.
That it maye pleaƒe thee to kepe Edward the .vi., thy
ƒeruaunt our kyng and gouernour:
We beƒeche thee to heare vs good lo°de.
That it maye pleaƒe thee to rule his heart in thy faythe,
feare, and loue, that he maye alwayes haue affiaunce in
thee, and euer ƒeke thy honour and glo°y:
We beƒeche thee to heare vs good lo°de.
That it maye pleaƒe thee to be his defendour and keper,
geuyng hym the victo°ye ouer all his enemyes:
