they° age) withoute bew°aiyng of they° owne folye. Fo° in
ƒuche a caƒe they oughte rather to haue reuerence vnto them
fo° they° antyquitye, yf they wyll declare themƒelues to bee
mo°e ¥udious of vnitie and conco°de, then of innouacions
and newe fanglene±e, whiche (as muche as maye bee wyth
the trewe ƒettyng foo°the of Chri¥es religion) is alwayes
to bee eƒchewed. Furthermo°e, ƒuche ƒhall haue no iu¥e cauƒe
wyth the Ceremonies reƒerued, to bee offended: fo° as thoƒe
bee taken awaye whiche were mo¥e abuƒed, and dydde burden
mennes conƒciences wythoute any cauƒe: So the other
that remaine are retained fo° a diƒcipline, & o°d°e, which
(upon iu¥ cauƒes) may be altered and chaunged, & therfo°e
are not to be e¥emed equal with goddes lawe. And mo°eouer 
Of Ceremonies.
they be neyther darke no° dumme ceremonies, but are ƒo ƒet
fo°th that euery man may vnder¥ande what they dooe
meane, and to what vƒe they do ƒerue. So that it is not like
that thei, in time to come, ƒhoulde bee abuƒed as the other
haue been. And in theƒe all our dooynges wee condemne no
other nacions, no° p°eƒcribe anye thyng, but to oure owne
people onelye. Fo° we thinke it conueniente that euery
countreye ƒhould vƒe ƒuch ceremonies, as thei ƒhal
thynke be¥e to the ƒettyng foo°th of goddes
hono°, and glo°ye: and to the reducyng
of the people to a mo¥e perfecte and
Godly liuing, without errour
o° ƒuper¥icion: and that
they ƒhoulde putte
awaye other
thynges,
which from time to time they perceiue
to be mo¥ abuƒed, as in mennes
o°dinaunces it often chaunceth
diuerƒelye in
diuerƒe countreyes.

(. .
 .) 
CERTAYNE NOTES
fo° the mo°e playne explicacion and
decent mini¥racion of thinges, conteined
in thys booke.
N the ƒaying o° ƒinging of Matens & Euenƒong, Baptizyng and
Burying, the mini¥er, in paryƒhe churches and chapels
annexed to the ƒame, ƒhall vƒe a Surples. And in all Cathed°al
churches and Colledges, tharchdeacons, Deanes, P°oue¥es,
Mai¥ers, P°ebendaryes, and fellowes, being Graduates, may vƒe in the
quiere, beƒide they° Surple±es, ƒuch hoodes as pertaineth to their ƒeueral
degrees, which they haue taken in any vniuerƒitie within this realme. But in
all other places, euery mini¥er ƒhall be at libertie to vƒe any Surples o° no.
