and obedience of thy word, that in the end they may obtaine
the euerlasting life: through our Lord Jesu# Christ, who with
thee and the holy Ghost liueth and reigneth one God, world
without end. Amen.
¶ Then the Biop al blee the children,
ſaying thus,
The blessing of God Almighty, the Father, the Sonne, and
the holy Ghost, bee vpon you, and remaine with you for euer.
Amen.
¶ The Curate of euery Pari, or ſome other at his appointment, all
diligently vpon Sundayes and Holy dayes, halfe an houre before Euenſong
openly in the Church, instru and examine ſo many Children of his
Pari sent vnto him, as the time will ſerue and as he all thinke
conuenient, in ſome part of this Catechiſme.
¶ And all Fathers, Mothers, Maers, and Dames, all cauſe their children,
seruants & prentiſes (which haue not learned their Catechiſme) to come
to the Church at the time appointed, and obediently to heare, and bee
ordered by the Curate, vntill ſuch time as they haue learned all that is
here appointed for them to learne. And whenſoeuer the Biop shall giue
knowledge for children to be brought before him to any conuenient place,
for their confirmation: then all the Curate of euery Pari, either bring
or ſend in writing the names of all thoſe children of his Pari, which can
say the Articles of their Faith, the Lords prayer, and the ten Commandements,
and alſo how many of them can anſwere to the other questions
contained in this Catechiſme.
¶ And there all none be admitted to the holy Communion; vntil ſuch time
as he can ſay the Catechiſme, and be confirmed. 
¶ The forme of ſolemnization
of Matrimony
Ir, the banes mu be asked three ſeuerall Sundayes or Holy
dayes, in the time of Seruice, the people being preſent after the accuomed
maner.
And If the perſons that would be married dwell in diuers Paries, the
Banes mu be asked in both Paries and the Curate of the one Pari all
not ſolemnize Matrimony betwixt them, without a certificate of the Banes
being thrise asked, from the Curate of the other Pari.
At the day appoynted for ſolemnization of Matrimony, the perſons to
bee married all come into the body of the Church, with their friends and
neighbours. And there the Prie all ſay thus.
Earely beloued friend#, wee are gathered
together here in the sight of God, and in the
face of hi# Congregation, to ioyne together
thi# man and thi# woman in holy Matrimony,
which i# an honorable state, instituted
of God in Paradise, in the time of Man#
innocencie, signifying vnto v# the mysticall
vnion that i# betwixt Christ and hi# Church : which holy estate
Christe adorned and beautified with hi# presence and first miracle
that he wrought in Cana of Galilee, and i# commended of
S. Paul to be honourable among all men, and therfore i# not
