glory. Amen.
¶ The Colle.
Mercifull God, the Father of our Lord
Jesu# Christ, who i# the resurrection
and the life, in whom whosoeuer beleeueth
shall liue, though he die, and
whosoeuer liueth, and beleeueth in him,
shall not die eternally : who also taught
v# (by hi# holy Apostle Paul) not to be
sorry a# men without hope, for them
that sleepe in him : We meekely beseeche
thee (O Father) to raise v# from the death of sinne,
vnto the life of righteousnesse, that when we shall depart thi#
life, wee may rest in him, a# our hope i# thi# our brother
doeth, and that at the generall Resurrection in the last day, we
may be found acceptable in thy sight, and receiue that blessing
which thy well beloued Sonne shall then pronounce to all that
loue and fear thee, saying, Come ye blessed children of my
Father, receiue the Kingdome prepared for you from the
beginning of the world. Grant thi#, wee beseeche thee, O mercifull
father, through Jesu# Christe our Mediatour and Redeemer.
Amen. 
THE
FORME AND
MANNER OF MAKING
and Conſecrating BISHOPS. PRIESTES and
DEACONS .
Imprinted at London by
ROBERT BARKER, Printer to the
King Mo Excellent Maiey: and by the
Aſsignes of IOHN BILL.
Anno. 1634.
¶ THE PREFACE.
T is euident unto all men, diligently reading
holye Scripture, and ancient Authors,
that from the Apoles time, there hath
beene theſe orders of Miniers in Chris
church, Biſhops, Pries, and Deacons,
Which offices were euermore had in ſuch
reuerent eimation, that no man by his
own priuate authoritie, might preſume to
execute any of them, except he were fir
called, tried, examined, and knowne to haue ſuch qualities, as were
requiſite for the ſame. And alſo by publique prayer, with impo-
ſition of hands, approued, and admitted thereunto. And therefore to
the intent theſe orders ſhould bee continued, and reuerently vſed, and
eeemed in this Church of England, it is requiſite that no man (not
being at this preſente Biſhop, Prie, nor Deacon) ſhall execute any
of them, except hee bee called, tried, examined, and admitted,
according to the forme hereafter following. And none ſhall be
