Psalms 18:33	He maketh my feet like hinds' feet, and setteth me upon my high places.
Psalms 18:34	He teacheth my hands to war, so that a bow of steel is broken by mine arms.
Psalms 18:35	Thou hast also given me the shield of thy salvation: and thy right hand hath holden me up, and thy gentleness hath made me great.
Psalms 18:36	Thou hast enlarged my steps under me, that my feet did not slip.
Psalms 18:37	I have pursued mine enemies, and overtaken them: neither did I turn again till they were consumed.
Psalms 18:38	I have wounded them that they were not able to rise: they are fallen under my feet.
Psalms 18:39	For thou hast girded me with strength unto the battle: thou hast subdued under me those that rose up against me.
Psalms 18:40	Thou hast also given me the necks of mine enemies; that I might destroy them that hate me.
Psalms 18:41	They cried, but there was none to save them: even unto the LORD, but he answered them not.
Psalms 18:42	Then did I beat them small as the dust before the wind: I did cast them out as the dirt in the streets.
Psalms 18:43	Thou hast delivered me from the strivings of the people; and thou hast made me the head of the heathen: a people whom I have not known shall serve me.
Psalms 18:44	As soon as they hear of me, they shall obey me: the strangers shall submit themselves unto me.
Psalms 18:45	The strangers shall fade away, and be afraid out of their close places.
Psalms 18:46	The LORD liveth; and blessed be my rock; and let the God of my salvation be exalted.
Psalms 18:47	It is God that avengeth me, and subdueth the people under me.
Psalms 18:48	He delivereth me from mine enemies: yea, thou liftest me up above those that rise up against me: thou hast delivered me from the violent man.
Psalms 18:49	Therefore will I give thanks unto thee, O LORD, among the heathen, and sing praises unto thy name.
Psalms 18:50	Great deliverance giveth he to his king; and sheweth mercy to his anointed, to David, and to his seed for evermore.
Psalms 19:1	The heavens declare the glory of God; and the firmament sheweth his handywork.
Psalms 19:2	Day unto day uttereth speech, and night unto night sheweth knowledge.
Psalms 19:3	There is no speech nor language, where their voice is not heard.
Psalms 19:4	Their line is gone out through all the earth, and their words to the end of the world. In them hath he set a tabernacle for the sun,
Psalms 19:5	Which is as a bridegroom coming out of his chamber, and rejoiceth as a strong man to run a race.
Psalms 19:6	His going forth is from the end of the heaven, and his circuit unto the ends of it: and there is nothing hid from the heat thereof.
Psalms 19:7	The law of the LORD is perfect, converting the soul: the testimony of the LORD is sure, making wise the simple.
Psalms 19:8	The statutes of the LORD are right, rejoicing the heart: the commandment of the LORD is pure, enlightening the eyes.
Psalms 19:9	The fear of the LORD is clean, enduring for ever: the judgments of the LORD are true and righteous altogether.
Psalms 19:10	More to be desired are they than gold, yea, than much fine gold: sweeter also than honey and the honeycomb.
Psalms 19:11	Moreover by them is thy servant warned: and in keeping of them there is great reward.
Psalms 19:12	Who can understand his errors? cleanse thou me from secret faults.
Psalms 19:13	Keep back thy servant also from presumptuous sins; let them not have dominion over me: then shall I be upright, and I shall be innocent from the great transgression.
Psalms 19:14	Let the words of my mouth, and the meditation of my heart, be acceptable in thy sight, O LORD, my strength, and my redeemer.
Psalms 20:1	The LORD hear thee in the day of trouble; the name of the God of Jacob defend thee;
Psalms 20:2	Send thee help from the sanctuary, and strengthen thee out of Zion;
Psalms 20:3	Remember all thy offerings, and accept thy burnt sacrifice; Selah.
Psalms 20:4	Grant thee according to thine own heart, and fulfil all thy counsel.
Psalms 20:5	We will rejoice in thy salvation, and in the name of our God we will set up our banners: the LORD fulfil all thy petitions.
Psalms 20:6	Now know I that the LORD saveth his anointed; he will hear him from his holy heaven with the saving strength of his right hand.
Psalms 20:7	Some trust in chariots, and some in horses: but we will remember the name of the LORD our God.
Psalms 20:8	They are brought down and fallen: but we are risen, and stand upright.
Psalms 20:9	Save, LORD: let the king hear us when we call.
Psalms 21:1	The king shall joy in thy strength, O LORD; and in thy salvation how greatly shall he rejoice!
Psalms 21:2	Thou hast given him his heart's desire, and hast not withholden the request of his lips. Selah.
Psalms 21:3	For thou preventest him with the blessings of goodness: thou settest a crown of pure gold on his head.
Psalms 21:4	He asked life of thee, and thou gavest it him, even length of days for ever and ever.
Psalms 21:5	His glory is great in thy salvation: honour and majesty hast thou laid upon him.
Psalms 21:6	For thou hast made him most blessed for ever: thou hast made him exceeding glad with thy countenance.
Psalms 21:7	For the king trusteth in the LORD, and through the mercy of the most High he shall not be moved.
Psalms 21:8	Thine hand shall find out all thine enemies: thy right hand shall find out those that hate thee.
Psalms 21:9	Thou shalt make them as a fiery oven in the time of thine anger: the LORD shall swallow them up in his wrath, and the fire shall devour them.
