Job 6:23	Or, Deliver me from the enemy's hand? or, Redeem me from the hand of the mighty?
Job 6:24	Teach me, and I will hold my tongue: and cause me to understand wherein I have erred.
Job 6:25	How forcible are right words! but what doth your arguing reprove?
Job 6:26	Do ye imagine to reprove words, and the speeches of one that is desperate, which are as wind?
Job 6:27	Yea, ye overwhelm the fatherless, and ye dig a pit for your friend.
Job 6:28	Now therefore be content, look upon me; for it is evident unto you if I lie.
Job 6:29	Return, I pray you, let it not be iniquity; yea, return again, my righteousness is in it.
Job 6:30	Is there iniquity in my tongue? cannot my taste discern perverse things?
Job 7:1	Is there not an appointed time to man upon earth? are not his days also like the days of an hireling?
Job 7:2	As a servant earnestly desireth the shadow, and as an hireling looketh for the reward of his work:
Job 7:3	So am I made to possess months of vanity, and wearisome nights are appointed to me.
Job 7:4	When I lie down, I say, When shall I arise, and the night be gone? and I am full of tossings to and fro unto the dawning of the day.
Job 7:5	My flesh is clothed with worms and clods of dust; my skin is broken, and become loathsome.
Job 7:6	My days are swifter than a weaver's shuttle, and are spent without hope.
Job 7:7	O remember that my life is wind: mine eye shall no more see good.
Job 7:8	The eye of him that hath seen me shall see me no more: thine eyes are upon me, and I am not.
Job 7:9	As the cloud is consumed and vanisheth away: so he that goeth down to the grave shall come up no more.
Job 7:10	He shall return no more to his house, neither shall his place know him any more.
Job 7:11	Therefore I will not refrain my mouth; I will speak in the anguish of my spirit; I will complain in the bitterness of my soul.
Job 7:12	Am I a sea, or a whale, that thou settest a watch over me?
Job 7:13	When I say, My bed shall comfort me, my couch shall ease my complaints;
Job 7:14	Then thou scarest me with dreams, and terrifiest me through visions:
Job 7:15	So that my soul chooseth strangling, and death rather than my life.
Job 7:16	I loathe it; I would not live alway: let me alone; for my days are vanity.
Job 7:17	What is man, that thou shouldest magnify him? and that thou shouldest set thine heart upon him?
Job 7:18	And that thou shouldest visit him every morning, and try him every moment?
Job 7:19	How long wilt thou not depart from me, nor let me alone till I swallow down my spittle?
Job 7:20	I have sinned; what shall I do unto thee, O thou preserver of men? why hast thou set me as a mark against thee, so that I am a burden to myself?
Job 7:21	And why dost thou not pardon my transgression, and take away my iniquity? for now shall I sleep in the dust; and thou shalt seek me in the morning, but I shall not be.
Job 8:1	Then answered Bildad the Shuhite, and said,
Job 8:2	How long wilt thou speak these things? and how long shall the words of thy mouth be like a strong wind?
Job 8:3	Doth God pervert judgment? or doth the Almighty pervert justice?
Job 8:4	If thy children have sinned against him, and he have cast them away for their transgression;
Job 8:5	If thou wouldest seek unto God betimes, and make thy supplication to the Almighty;
Job 8:6	If thou wert pure and upright; surely now he would awake for thee, and make the habitation of thy righteousness prosperous.
Job 8:7	Though thy beginning was small, yet thy latter end should greatly increase.
Job 8:8	For enquire, I pray thee, of the former age, and prepare thyself to the search of their fathers:
Job 8:9	(For we are but of yesterday, and know nothing, because our days upon earth are a shadow:)
Job 8:10	Shall not they teach thee, and tell thee, and utter words out of their heart?
Job 8:11	Can the rush grow up without mire? can the flag grow without water?
Job 8:12	Whilst it is yet in his greenness, and not cut down, it withereth before any other herb.
Job 8:13	So are the paths of all that forget God; and the hypocrite's hope shall perish:
Job 8:14	Whose hope shall be cut off, and whose trust shall be a spider's web.
Job 8:15	He shall lean upon his house, but it shall not stand: he shall hold it fast, but it shall not endure.
Job 8:16	He is green before the sun, and his branch shooteth forth in his garden.
Job 8:17	His roots are wrapped about the heap, and seeth the place of stones.
Job 8:18	If he destroy him from his place, then it shall deny him, saying, I have not seen thee.
Job 8:19	Behold, this is the joy of his way, and out of the earth shall others grow.
Job 8:20	Behold, God will not cast away a perfect man, neither will he help the evil doers:
Job 8:21	Till he fill thy mouth with laughing, and thy lips with rejoicing.
