Psalms 74:3	Lift up thy feet unto the perpetual desolations; even all that the enemy hath done wickedly in the sanctuary.
Psalms 74:4	Thine enemies roar in the midst of thy congregations; they set up their ensigns for signs.
Psalms 74:5	A man was famous according as he had lifted up axes upon the thick trees.
Psalms 74:6	But now they break down the carved work thereof at once with axes and hammers.
Psalms 74:7	They have cast fire into thy sanctuary, they have defiled by casting down the dwelling place of thy name to the ground.
Psalms 74:8	They said in their hearts, Let us destroy them together: they have burned up all the synagogues of God in the land.
Psalms 74:9	We see not our signs: there is no more any prophet: neither is there among us any that knoweth how long.
Psalms 74:10	O God, how long shall the adversary reproach? shall the enemy blaspheme thy name for ever?
Psalms 74:11	Why withdrawest thou thy hand, even thy right hand? pluck it out of thy bosom.
Psalms 74:12	For God is my King of old, working salvation in the midst of the earth.
Psalms 74:13	Thou didst divide the sea by thy strength: thou brakest the heads of the dragons in the waters.
Psalms 74:14	Thou brakest the heads of leviathan in pieces, and gavest him to be meat to the people inhabiting the wilderness.
Psalms 74:15	Thou didst cleave the fountain and the flood: thou driedst up mighty rivers.
Psalms 74:16	The day is thine, the night also is thine: thou hast prepared the light and the sun.
Psalms 74:17	Thou hast set all the borders of the earth: thou hast made summer and winter.
Psalms 74:18	Remember this, that the enemy hath reproached, O LORD, and that the foolish people have blasphemed thy name.
Psalms 74:19	O deliver not the soul of thy turtledove unto the multitude of the wicked: forget not the congregation of thy poor for ever.
Psalms 74:20	Have respect unto the covenant: for the dark places of the earth are full of the habitations of cruelty.
Psalms 74:21	O let not the oppressed return ashamed: let the poor and needy praise thy name.
Psalms 74:22	Arise, O God, plead thine own cause: remember how the foolish man reproacheth thee daily.
Psalms 74:23	Forget not the voice of thine enemies: the tumult of those that rise up against thee increaseth continually.
Psalms 75:1	Unto thee, O God, do we give thanks, unto thee do we give thanks: for that thy name is near thy wondrous works declare.
Psalms 75:2	When I shall receive the congregation I will judge uprightly.
Psalms 75:3	The earth and all the inhabitants thereof are dissolved: I bear up the pillars of it. Selah.
Psalms 75:4	I said unto the fools, Deal not foolishly: and to the wicked, Lift not up the horn:
Psalms 75:5	Lift not up your horn on high: speak not with a stiff neck.
Psalms 75:6	For promotion cometh neither from the east, nor from the west, nor from the south.
Psalms 75:7	But God is the judge: he putteth down one, and setteth up another.
Psalms 75:8	For in the hand of the LORD there is a cup, and the wine is red; it is full of mixture; and he poureth out of the same: but the dregs thereof, all the wicked of the earth shall wring them out, and drink them.
Psalms 75:9	But I will declare for ever; I will sing praises to the God of Jacob.
Psalms 75:10	All the horns of the wicked also will I cut off; but the horns of the righteous shall be exalted.
Psalms 76:1	In Judah is God known: his name is great in Israel.
Psalms 76:2	In Salem also is his tabernacle, and his dwelling place in Zion.
Psalms 76:3	There brake he the arrows of the bow, the shield, and the sword, and the battle. Selah.
Psalms 76:4	Thou art more glorious and excellent than the mountains of prey.
Psalms 76:5	The stouthearted are spoiled, they have slept their sleep: and none of the men of might have found their hands.
Psalms 76:6	At thy rebuke, O God of Jacob, both the chariot and horse are cast into a dead sleep.
Psalms 76:7	Thou, even thou, art to be feared: and who may stand in thy sight when once thou art angry?
Psalms 76:8	Thou didst cause judgment to be heard from heaven; the earth feared, and was still,
Psalms 76:9	When God arose to judgment, to save all the meek of the earth. Selah.
Psalms 76:10	Surely the wrath of man shall praise thee: the remainder of wrath shalt thou restrain.
Psalms 76:11	Vow, and pay unto the LORD your God: let all that be round about him bring presents unto him that ought to be feared.
Psalms 76:12	He shall cut off the spirit of princes: he is terrible to the kings of the earth.
Psalms 77:1	I cried unto God with my voice, even unto God with my voice; and he gave ear unto me.
Psalms 77:2	In the day of my trouble I sought the Lord: my sore ran in the night, and ceased not: my soul refused to be comforted.
Psalms 77:3	I remembered God, and was troubled: I complained, and my spirit was overwhelmed. Selah.
Psalms 77:4	Thou holdest mine eyes waking: I am so troubled that I cannot speak.
Psalms 77:5	I have considered the days of old, the years of ancient times.
Psalms 77:6	I call to remembrance my song in the night: I commune with mine own heart: and my spirit made diligent search.
Psalms 77:7	Will the Lord cast off for ever? and will he be favourable no more?
