Matthew 21:25	The baptism of John, whence was it? from heaven, or of men? And they reasoned with themselves, saying, If we shall say, From heaven; he will say unto us, Why did ye not then believe him?
Matthew 21:26	But if we shall say, Of men; we fear the people; for all hold John as a prophet.
Matthew 21:27	And they answered Jesus, and said, We cannot tell. And he said unto them, Neither tell I you by what authority I do these things.
Matthew 21:28	But what think ye? A certain man had two sons; and he came to the first, and said, Son, go work to day in my vineyard.
Matthew 21:29	He answered and said, I will not: but afterward he repented, and went.
Matthew 21:30	And he came to the second, and said likewise. And he answered and said, I go, sir: and went not.
Matthew 21:31	Whether of them twain did the will of his father? They say unto him, The first. Jesus saith unto them, Verily I say unto you, That the publicans and the harlots go into the kingdom of God before you.
Matthew 21:32	For John came unto you in the way of righteousness, and ye believed him not: but the publicans and the harlots believed him: and ye, when ye had seen it, repented not afterward, that ye might believe him.
Matthew 21:33	Hear another parable: There was a certain householder, which planted a vineyard, and hedged it round about, and digged a winepress in it, and built a tower, and let it out to husbandmen, and went into a far country:
Matthew 21:34	And when the time of the fruit drew near, he sent his servants to the husbandmen, that they might receive the fruits of it.
Matthew 21:35	And the husbandmen took his servants, and beat one, and killed another, and stoned another.
Matthew 21:36	Again, he sent other servants more than the first: and they did unto them likewise.
Matthew 21:37	But last of all he sent unto them his son, saying, They will reverence my son.
Matthew 21:38	But when the husbandmen saw the son, they said among themselves, This is the heir; come, let us kill him, and let us seize on his inheritance.
Matthew 21:39	And they caught him, and cast him out of the vineyard, and slew him.
Matthew 21:40	When the lord therefore of the vineyard cometh, what will he do unto those husbandmen?
Matthew 21:41	They say unto him, He will miserably destroy those wicked men, and will let out his vineyard unto other husbandmen, which shall render him the fruits in their seasons.
Matthew 21:42	Jesus saith unto them, Did ye never read in the scriptures, The stone which the builders rejected, the same is become the head of the corner: this is the Lord's doing, and it is marvellous in our eyes?
Matthew 21:43	Therefore say I unto you, The kingdom of God shall be taken from you, and given to a nation bringing forth the fruits thereof.
Matthew 21:44	And whosoever shall fall on this stone shall be broken: but on whomsoever it shall fall, it will grind him to powder.
Matthew 21:45	And when the chief priests and Pharisees had heard his parables, they perceived that he spake of them.
Matthew 21:46	But when they sought to lay hands on him, they feared the multitude, because they took him for a prophet.
Matthew 22:1	And Jesus answered and spake unto them again by parables, and said,
Matthew 22:2	The kingdom of heaven is like unto a certain king, which made a marriage for his son,
Matthew 22:3	And sent forth his servants to call them that were bidden to the wedding: and they would not come.
Matthew 22:4	Again, he sent forth other servants, saying, Tell them which are bidden, Behold, I have prepared my dinner: my oxen and my fatlings are killed, and all things are ready: come unto the marriage.
Matthew 22:5	But they made light of it, and went their ways, one to his farm, another to his merchandise:
Matthew 22:6	And the remnant took his servants, and entreated them spitefully, and slew them.
Matthew 22:7	But when the king heard thereof, he was wroth: and he sent forth his armies, and destroyed those murderers, and burned up their city.
Matthew 22:8	Then saith he to his servants, The wedding is ready, but they which were bidden were not worthy.
Matthew 22:9	Go ye therefore into the highways, and as many as ye shall find, bid to the marriage.
Matthew 22:10	So those servants went out into the highways, and gathered together all as many as they found, both bad and good: and the wedding was furnished with guests.
Matthew 22:11	And when the king came in to see the guests, he saw there a man which had not on a wedding garment:
Matthew 22:12	And he saith unto him, Friend, how camest thou in hither not having a wedding garment? And he was speechless.
Matthew 22:13	Then said the king to the servants, Bind him hand and foot, and take him away, and cast him into outer darkness, there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth.
Matthew 22:14	For many are called, but few are chosen.
Matthew 22:15	Then went the Pharisees, and took counsel how they might entangle him in his talk.
Matthew 22:16	And they sent out unto him their disciples with the Herodians, saying, Master, we know that thou art true, and teachest the way of God in truth, neither carest thou for any man: for thou regardest not the person of men.
Matthew 22:17	Tell us therefore, What thinkest thou? Is it lawful to give tribute unto Caesar, or not?
Matthew 22:18	But Jesus perceived their wickedness, and said, Why tempt ye me, ye hypocrites?
Matthew 22:19	Shew me the tribute money. And they brought unto him a penny.
Matthew 22:20	And he saith unto them, Whose is this image and superscription?
Matthew 22:21	They say unto him, Caesar's. Then saith he unto them, Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God's.
Matthew 22:22	When they had heard these words, they marvelled, and left him, and went their way.
Matthew 22:23	The same day came to him the Sadducees, which say that there is no resurrection, and asked him,
Matthew 22:24	Saying, Master, Moses said, If a man die, having no children, his brother shall marry his wife, and raise up seed unto his brother.
Matthew 22:25	Now there were with us seven brethren: and the first, when he had married a wife, deceased, and, having no issue, left his wife unto his brother:
Matthew 22:26	Likewise the second also, and the third, unto the seventh.
Matthew 22:27	And last of all the woman died also.
Matthew 22:28	Therefore in the resurrection whose wife shall she be of the seven? for they all had her.
