Ezekiel 10:18	Then the glory of the LORD departed from off the threshold of the house, and stood over the cherubims.
Ezekiel 10:19	And the cherubims lifted up their wings, and mounted up from the earth in my sight: when they went out, the wheels also were beside them, and every one stood at the door of the east gate of the LORD's house; and the glory of the God of Israel was over them above.
Ezekiel 10:20	This is the living creature that I saw under the God of Israel by the river of Chebar; and I knew that they were the cherubims.
Ezekiel 10:21	Every one had four faces apiece, and every one four wings; and the likeness of the hands of a man was under their wings.
Ezekiel 10:22	And the likeness of their faces was the same faces which I saw by the river of Chebar, their appearances and themselves: they went every one straight forward.
Ezekiel 11:1	Moreover the spirit lifted me up, and brought me unto the east gate of the LORD's house, which looketh eastward: and behold at the door of the gate five and twenty men; among whom I saw Jaazaniah the son of Azur, and Pelatiah the son of Benaiah, princes of the people.
Ezekiel 11:2	Then said he unto me, Son of man, these are the men that devise mischief, and give wicked counsel in this city:
Ezekiel 11:3	Which say, It is not near; let us build houses: this city is the caldron, and we be the flesh.
Ezekiel 11:4	Therefore prophesy against them, prophesy, O son of man.
Ezekiel 11:5	And the Spirit of the LORD fell upon me, and said unto me, Speak; Thus saith the LORD; Thus have ye said, O house of Israel: for I know the things that come into your mind, every one of them.
Ezekiel 11:6	Ye have multiplied your slain in this city, and ye have filled the streets thereof with the slain.
Ezekiel 11:7	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Your slain whom ye have laid in the midst of it, they are the flesh, and this city is the caldron: but I will bring you forth out of the midst of it.
Ezekiel 11:8	Ye have feared the sword; and I will bring a sword upon you, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 11:9	And I will bring you out of the midst thereof, and deliver you into the hands of strangers, and will execute judgments among you.
Ezekiel 11:10	Ye shall fall by the sword; I will judge you in the border of Israel; and ye shall know that I am the LORD.
Ezekiel 11:11	This city shall not be your caldron, neither shall ye be the flesh in the midst thereof; but I will judge you in the border of Israel:
Ezekiel 11:12	And ye shall know that I am the LORD: for ye have not walked in my statutes, neither executed my judgments, but have done after the manners of the heathen that are round about you.
Ezekiel 11:13	And it came to pass, when I prophesied, that Pelatiah the son of Benaiah died. Then fell I down upon my face, and cried with a loud voice, and said, Ah Lord GOD! wilt thou make a full end of the remnant of Israel?
Ezekiel 11:14	Again the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 11:15	Son of man, thy brethren, even thy brethren, the men of thy kindred, and all the house of Israel wholly, are they unto whom the inhabitants of Jerusalem have said, Get you far from the LORD: unto us is this land given in possession.
Ezekiel 11:16	Therefore say, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Although I have cast them far off among the heathen, and although I have scattered them among the countries, yet will I be to them as a little sanctuary in the countries where they shall come.
Ezekiel 11:17	Therefore say, Thus saith the Lord GOD; I will even gather you from the people, and assemble you out of the countries where ye have been scattered, and I will give you the land of Israel.
Ezekiel 11:18	And they shall come thither, and they shall take away all the detestable things thereof and all the abominations thereof from thence.
Ezekiel 11:19	And I will give them one heart, and I will put a new spirit within you; and I will take the stony heart out of their flesh, and will give them an heart of flesh:
Ezekiel 11:20	That they may walk in my statutes, and keep mine ordinances, and do them: and they shall be my people, and I will be their God.
Ezekiel 11:21	But as for them whose heart walketh after the heart of their detestable things and their abominations, I will recompense their way upon their own heads, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 11:22	Then did the cherubims lift up their wings, and the wheels beside them; and the glory of the God of Israel was over them above.
Ezekiel 11:23	And the glory of the LORD went up from the midst of the city, and stood upon the mountain which is on the east side of the city.
Ezekiel 11:24	Afterwards the spirit took me up, and brought me in a vision by the Spirit of God into Chaldea, to them of the captivity. So the vision that I had seen went up from me.
Ezekiel 11:25	Then I spake unto them of the captivity all the things that the LORD had shewed me.
Ezekiel 12:1	The word of the LORD also came unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 12:2	Son of man, thou dwellest in the midst of a rebellious house, which have eyes to see, and see not; they have ears to hear, and hear not: for they are a rebellious house.
Ezekiel 12:3	Therefore, thou son of man, prepare thee stuff for removing, and remove by day in their sight; and thou shalt remove from thy place to another place in their sight: it may be they will consider, though they be a rebellious house.
Ezekiel 12:4	Then shalt thou bring forth thy stuff by day in their sight, as stuff for removing: and thou shalt go forth at even in their sight, as they that go forth into captivity.
Ezekiel 12:5	Dig thou through the wall in their sight, and carry out thereby.
Ezekiel 12:6	In their sight shalt thou bear it upon thy shoulders, and carry it forth in the twilight: thou shalt cover thy face, that thou see not the ground: for I have set thee for a sign unto the house of Israel.
Ezekiel 12:7	And I did so as I was commanded: I brought forth my stuff by day, as stuff for captivity, and in the even I digged through the wall with mine hand; I brought it forth in the twilight, and I bare it upon my shoulder in their sight.
Ezekiel 12:8	And in the morning came the word of the LORD unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 12:9	Son of man, hath not the house of Israel, the rebellious house, said unto thee, What doest thou?
Ezekiel 12:10	Say thou unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; This burden concerneth the prince in Jerusalem, and all the house of Israel that are among them.
Ezekiel 12:11	Say, I am your sign: like as I have done, so shall it be done unto them: they shall remove and go into captivity.
Ezekiel 12:12	And the prince that is among them shall bear upon his shoulder in the twilight, and shall go forth: they shall dig through the wall to carry out thereby: he shall cover his face, that he see not the ground with his eyes.
Ezekiel 12:13	My net also will I spread upon him, and he shall be taken in my snare: and I will bring him to Babylon to the land of the Chaldeans; yet shall he not see it, though he shall die there.
Ezekiel 12:14	And I will scatter toward every wind all that are about him to help him, and all his bands; and I will draw out the sword after them.
Ezekiel 12:15	And they shall know that I am the LORD, when I shall scatter them among the nations, and disperse them in the countries.
Ezekiel 12:16	But I will leave a few men of them from the sword, from the famine, and from the pestilence; that they may declare all their abominations among the heathen whither they come; and they shall know that I am the LORD.
Ezekiel 12:17	Moreover the word of the LORD came to me, saying,
Ezekiel 12:18	Son of man, eat thy bread with quaking, and drink thy water with trembling and with carefulness;
Ezekiel 12:19	And say unto the people of the land, Thus saith the Lord GOD of the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and of the land of Israel; They shall eat their bread with carefulness, and drink their water with astonishment, that her land may be desolate from all that is therein, because of the violence of all them that dwell therein.
Ezekiel 12:20	And the cities that are inhabited shall be laid waste, and the land shall be desolate; and ye shall know that I am the LORD.
