Galatians 4:20	I desire to be present with you now, and to change my voice; for I stand in doubt of you.
Galatians 4:21	Tell me, ye that desire to be under the law, do ye not hear the law?
Galatians 4:22	For it is written, that Abraham had two sons, the one by a bondmaid, the other by a freewoman.
Galatians 4:23	But he who was of the bondwoman was born after the flesh; but he of the freewoman was by promise.
Galatians 4:24	Which things are an allegory: for these are the two covenants; the one from the mount Sinai, which gendereth to bondage, which is Agar.
Galatians 4:25	For this Agar is mount Sinai in Arabia, and answereth to Jerusalem which now is, and is in bondage with her children.
Galatians 4:26	But Jerusalem which is above is free, which is the mother of us all.
Galatians 4:27	For it is written, Rejoice, thou barren that bearest not; break forth and cry, thou that travailest not: for the desolate hath many more children than she which hath an husband.
Galatians 4:28	Now we, brethren, as Isaac was, are the children of promise.
Galatians 4:29	But as then he that was born after the flesh persecuted him that was born after the Spirit, even so it is now.
Galatians 4:30	Nevertheless what saith the scripture? Cast out the bondwoman and her son: for the son of the bondwoman shall not be heir with the son of the freewoman.
Galatians 4:31	So then, brethren, we are not children of the bondwoman, but of the free.
Galatians 5:1	Stand fast therefore in the liberty wherewith Christ hath made us free, and be not entangled again with the yoke of bondage.
Galatians 5:2	Behold, I Paul say unto you, that if ye be circumcised, Christ shall profit you nothing.
Galatians 5:3	For I testify again to every man that is circumcised, that he is a debtor to do the whole law.
Galatians 5:4	Christ is become of no effect unto you, whosoever of you are justified by the law; ye are fallen from grace.
Galatians 5:5	For we through the Spirit wait for the hope of righteousness by faith.
Galatians 5:6	For in Jesus Christ neither circumcision availeth any thing, nor uncircumcision; but faith which worketh by love.
Galatians 5:7	Ye did run well; who did hinder you that ye should not obey the truth?
Galatians 5:8	This persuasion cometh not of him that calleth you.
Galatians 5:9	A little leaven leaveneth the whole lump.
Galatians 5:10	I have confidence in you through the Lord, that ye will be none otherwise minded: but he that troubleth you shall bear his judgment, whosoever he be.
Galatians 5:11	And I, brethren, if I yet preach circumcision, why do I yet suffer persecution? then is the offence of the cross ceased.
Galatians 5:12	I would they were even cut off which trouble you.
Galatians 5:13	For, brethren, ye have been called unto liberty; only use not liberty for an occasion to the flesh, but by love serve one another.
Galatians 5:14	For all the law is fulfilled in one word, even in this; Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.
Galatians 5:15	But if ye bite and devour one another, take heed that ye be not consumed one of another.
Galatians 5:16	This I say then, Walk in the Spirit, and ye shall not fulfil the lust of the flesh.
Galatians 5:17	For the flesh lusteth against the Spirit, and the Spirit against the flesh: and these are contrary the one to the other: so that ye cannot do the things that ye would.
Galatians 5:18	But if ye be led of the Spirit, ye are not under the law.
Galatians 5:19	Now the works of the flesh are manifest, which are these; Adultery, fornication, uncleanness, lasciviousness,
Galatians 5:20	Idolatry, witchcraft, hatred, variance, emulations, wrath, strife, seditions, heresies,
Galatians 5:21	Envyings, murders, drunkenness, revellings, and such like: of the which I tell you before, as I have also told you in time past, that they which do such things shall not inherit the kingdom of God.
Galatians 5:22	But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith,
Galatians 5:23	Meekness, temperance: against such there is no law.
Galatians 5:24	And they that are Christ's have crucified the flesh with the affections and lusts.
Galatians 5:25	If we live in the Spirit, let us also walk in the Spirit.
Galatians 5:26	Let us not be desirous of vain glory, provoking one another, envying one another.
Galatians 6:1	Brethren, if a man be overtaken in a fault, ye which are spiritual, restore such an one in the spirit of meekness; considering thyself, lest thou also be tempted.
Galatians 6:2	Bear ye one another's burdens, and so fulfil the law of Christ.
Galatians 6:3	For if a man think himself to be something, when he is nothing, he deceiveth himself.
Galatians 6:4	But let every man prove his own work, and then shall he have rejoicing in himself alone, and not in another.
Galatians 6:5	For every man shall bear his own burden.
Galatians 6:6	Let him that is taught in the word communicate unto him that teacheth in all good things.
Galatians 6:7	Be not deceived; God is not mocked: for whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap.
Galatians 6:8	For he that soweth to his flesh shall of the flesh reap corruption; but he that soweth to the Spirit shall of the Spirit reap life everlasting.
Galatians 6:9	And let us not be weary in well doing: for in due season we shall reap, if we faint not.
Galatians 6:10	As we have therefore opportunity, let us do good unto all men, especially unto them who are of the household of faith.
Galatians 6:11	Ye see how large a letter I have written unto you with mine own hand.
Galatians 6:12	As many as desire to make a fair shew in the flesh, they constrain you to be circumcised; only lest they should suffer persecution for the cross of Christ.
