John 3:31	He that cometh from above is above all: he that is of the earth is earthly, and speaketh of the earth: he that cometh from heaven is above all.
John 3:32	And what he hath seen and heard, that he testifieth; and no man receiveth his testimony.
John 3:33	He that hath received his testimony hath set to his seal that God is true.
John 3:34	For he whom God hath sent speaketh the words of God: for God giveth not the Spirit by measure unto him.
John 3:35	The Father loveth the Son, and hath given all things into his hand.
John 3:36	He that believeth on the Son hath everlasting life: and he that believeth not the Son shall not see life; but the wrath of God abideth on him.
John 4:1	When therefore the LORD knew how the Pharisees had heard that Jesus made and baptized more disciples than John,
John 4:2	(Though Jesus himself baptized not, but his disciples,)
John 4:3	He left Judaea, and departed again into Galilee.
John 4:4	And he must needs go through Samaria.
John 4:5	Then cometh he to a city of Samaria, which is called Sychar, near to the parcel of ground that Jacob gave to his son Joseph.
John 4:6	Now Jacob's well was there. Jesus therefore, being wearied with his journey, sat thus on the well: and it was about the sixth hour.
John 4:7	There cometh a woman of Samaria to draw water: Jesus saith unto her, Give me to drink.
John 4:8	(For his disciples were gone away unto the city to buy meat.)
John 4:9	Then saith the woman of Samaria unto him, How is it that thou, being a Jew, askest drink of me, which am a woman of Samaria? for the Jews have no dealings with the Samaritans.
John 4:10	Jesus answered and said unto her, If thou knewest the gift of God, and who it is that saith to thee, Give me to drink; thou wouldest have asked of him, and he would have given thee living water.
John 4:11	The woman saith unto him, Sir, thou hast nothing to draw with, and the well is deep: from whence then hast thou that living water?
John 4:12	Art thou greater than our father Jacob, which gave us the well, and drank thereof himself, and his children, and his cattle?
John 4:13	Jesus answered and said unto her, Whosoever drinketh of this water shall thirst again:
John 4:14	But whosoever drinketh of the water that I shall give him shall never thirst; but the water that I shall give him shall be in him a well of water springing up into everlasting life.
John 4:15	The woman saith unto him, Sir, give me this water, that I thirst not, neither come hither to draw.
John 4:16	Jesus saith unto her, Go, call thy husband, and come hither.
John 4:17	The woman answered and said, I have no husband. Jesus said unto her, Thou hast well said, I have no husband:
John 4:18	For thou hast had five husbands; and he whom thou now hast is not thy husband: in that saidst thou truly.
John 4:19	The woman saith unto him, Sir, I perceive that thou art a prophet.
John 4:20	Our fathers worshipped in this mountain; and ye say, that in Jerusalem is the place where men ought to worship.
John 4:21	Jesus saith unto her, Woman, believe me, the hour cometh, when ye shall neither in this mountain, nor yet at Jerusalem, worship the Father.
John 4:22	Ye worship ye know not what: we know what we worship: for salvation is of the Jews.
John 4:23	But the hour cometh, and now is, when the true worshippers shall worship the Father in spirit and in truth: for the Father seeketh such to worship him.
John 4:24	God is a Spirit: and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth.
John 4:25	The woman saith unto him, I know that Messias cometh, which is called Christ: when he is come, he will tell us all things.
John 4:26	Jesus saith unto her, I that speak unto thee am he.
John 4:27	And upon this came his disciples, and marvelled that he talked with the woman: yet no man said, What seekest thou? or, Why talkest thou with her?
John 4:28	The woman then left her waterpot, and went her way into the city, and saith to the men,
John 4:29	Come, see a man, which told me all things that ever I did: is not this the Christ?
John 4:30	Then they went out of the city, and came unto him.
John 4:31	In the mean while his disciples prayed him, saying, Master, eat.
John 4:32	But he said unto them, I have meat to eat that ye know not of.
John 4:33	Therefore said the disciples one to another, Hath any man brought him ought to eat?
John 4:34	Jesus saith unto them, My meat is to do the will of him that sent me, and to finish his work.
John 4:35	Say not ye, There are yet four months, and then cometh harvest? behold, I say unto you, Lift up your eyes, and look on the fields; for they are white already to harvest.
John 4:36	And he that reapeth receiveth wages, and gathereth fruit unto life eternal: that both he that soweth and he that reapeth may rejoice together.
John 4:37	And herein is that saying true, One soweth, and another reapeth.
John 4:38	I sent you to reap that whereon ye bestowed no labour: other men laboured, and ye are entered into their labours.
John 4:39	And many of the Samaritans of that city believed on him for the saying of the woman, which testified, He told me all that ever I did.
John 4:40	So when the Samaritans were come unto him, they besought him that he would tarry with them: and he abode there two days.
John 4:41	And many more believed because of his own word;
John 4:42	And said unto the woman, Now we believe, not because of thy saying: for we have heard him ourselves, and know that this is indeed the Christ, the Saviour of the world.
John 4:43	Now after two days he departed thence, and went into Galilee.
John 4:44	For Jesus himself testified, that a prophet hath no honour in his own country.
