Titus 1:9	Holding fast the faithful word as he hath been taught, that he may be able by sound doctrine both to exhort and to convince the gainsayers.
Titus 1:10	For there are many unruly and vain talkers and deceivers, specially they of the circumcision:
Titus 1:11	Whose mouths must be stopped, who subvert whole houses, teaching things which they ought not, for filthy lucre's sake.
Titus 1:12	One of themselves, even a prophet of their own, said, The Cretians are alway liars, evil beasts, slow bellies.
Titus 1:13	This witness is true. Wherefore rebuke them sharply, that they may be sound in the faith;
Titus 1:14	Not giving heed to Jewish fables, and commandments of men, that turn from the truth.
Titus 1:15	Unto the pure all things are pure: but unto them that are defiled and unbelieving is nothing pure; but even their mind and conscience is defiled.
Titus 1:16	They profess that they know God; but in works they deny him, being abominable, and disobedient, and unto every good work reprobate.
Titus 2:1	But speak thou the things which become sound doctrine:
Titus 2:2	That the aged men be sober, grave, temperate, sound in faith, in charity, in patience.
Titus 2:3	The aged women likewise, that they be in behaviour as becometh holiness, not false accusers, not given to much wine, teachers of good things;
Titus 2:4	That they may teach the young women to be sober, to love their husbands, to love their children,
Titus 2:5	To be discreet, chaste, keepers at home, good, obedient to their own husbands, that the word of God be not blasphemed.
Titus 2:6	Young men likewise exhort to be sober minded.
Titus 2:7	In all things shewing thyself a pattern of good works: in doctrine shewing uncorruptness, gravity, sincerity,
Titus 2:8	Sound speech, that cannot be condemned; that he that is of the contrary part may be ashamed, having no evil thing to say of you.
Titus 2:9	Exhort servants to be obedient unto their own masters, and to please them well in all things; not answering again;
Titus 2:10	Not purloining, but shewing all good fidelity; that they may adorn the doctrine of God our Saviour in all things.
Titus 2:11	For the grace of God that bringeth salvation hath appeared to all men,
Titus 2:12	Teaching us that, denying ungodliness and worldly lusts, we should live soberly, righteously, and godly, in this present world;
Titus 2:13	Looking for that blessed hope, and the glorious appearing of the great God and our Saviour Jesus Christ;
Titus 2:14	Who gave himself for us, that he might redeem us from all iniquity, and purify unto himself a peculiar people, zealous of good works.
Titus 2:15	These things speak, and exhort, and rebuke with all authority. Let no man despise thee.
Titus 3:1	Put them in mind to be subject to principalities and powers, to obey magistrates, to be ready to every good work,
Titus 3:2	To speak evil of no man, to be no brawlers, but gentle, shewing all meekness unto all men.
Titus 3:3	For we ourselves also were sometimes foolish, disobedient, deceived, serving divers lusts and pleasures, living in malice and envy, hateful, and hating one another.
Titus 3:4	But after that the kindness and love of God our Saviour toward man appeared,
Titus 3:5	Not by works of righteousness which we have done, but according to his mercy he saved us, by the washing of regeneration, and renewing of the Holy Ghost;
Titus 3:6	Which he shed on us abundantly through Jesus Christ our Saviour;
Titus 3:7	That being justified by his grace, we should be made heirs according to the hope of eternal life.
Titus 3:8	This is a faithful saying, and these things I will that thou affirm constantly, that they which have believed in God might be careful to maintain good works. These things are good and profitable unto men.
Titus 3:9	But avoid foolish questions, and genealogies, and contentions, and strivings about the law; for they are unprofitable and vain.
Titus 3:10	A man that is an heretick after the first and second admonition reject;
Titus 3:11	Knowing that he that is such is subverted, and sinneth, being condemned of himself.
Titus 3:12	When I shall send Artemas unto thee, or Tychicus, be diligent to come unto me to Nicopolis: for I have determined there to winter.
Titus 3:13	Bring Zenas the lawyer and Apollos on their journey diligently, that nothing be wanting unto them.
Titus 3:14	And let our's also learn to maintain good works for necessary uses, that they be not unfruitful.
Titus 3:15	All that are with me salute thee. Greet them that love us in the faith. Grace be with you all. Amen.
Philemon 1:1	Paul, a prisoner of Jesus Christ, and Timothy our brother, unto Philemon our dearly beloved, and fellowlabourer,
Philemon 1:2	And to our beloved Apphia, and Archippus our fellowsoldier, and to the church in thy house:
Philemon 1:3	Grace to you, and peace, from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
Philemon 1:4	I thank my God, making mention of thee always in my prayers,
Philemon 1:5	Hearing of thy love and faith, which thou hast toward the Lord Jesus, and toward all saints;
Philemon 1:6	That the communication of thy faith may become effectual by the acknowledging of every good thing which is in you in Christ Jesus.
Philemon 1:7	For we have great joy and consolation in thy love, because the bowels of the saints are refreshed by thee, brother.
Philemon 1:8	Wherefore, though I might be much bold in Christ to enjoin thee that which is convenient,
Philemon 1:9	Yet for love's sake I rather beseech thee, being such an one as Paul the aged, and now also a prisoner of Jesus Christ.
Philemon 1:10	I beseech thee for my son Onesimus, whom I have begotten in my bonds:
Philemon 1:11	Which in time past was to thee unprofitable, but now profitable to thee and to me:
Philemon 1:12	Whom I have sent again: thou therefore receive him, that is, mine own bowels:
