Hebrews 13:10	We have an altar, whereof they have no right to eat which serve the tabernacle.
Hebrews 13:11	For the bodies of those beasts, whose blood is brought into the sanctuary by the high priest for sin, are burned without the camp.
Hebrews 13:12	Wherefore Jesus also, that he might sanctify the people with his own blood, suffered without the gate.
Hebrews 13:13	Let us go forth therefore unto him without the camp, bearing his reproach.
Hebrews 13:14	For here have we no continuing city, but we seek one to come.
Hebrews 13:15	By him therefore let us offer the sacrifice of praise to God continually, that is, the fruit of our lips giving thanks to his name.
Hebrews 13:16	But to do good and to communicate forget not: for with such sacrifices God is well pleased.
Hebrews 13:17	Obey them that have the rule over you, and submit yourselves: for they watch for your souls, as they that must give account, that they may do it with joy, and not with grief: for that is unprofitable for you.
Hebrews 13:18	Pray for us: for we trust we have a good conscience, in all things willing to live honestly.
Hebrews 13:19	But I beseech you the rather to do this, that I may be restored to you the sooner.
Hebrews 13:20	Now the God of peace, that brought again from the dead our Lord Jesus, that great shepherd of the sheep, through the blood of the everlasting covenant,
Hebrews 13:21	Make you perfect in every good work to do his will, working in you that which is wellpleasing in his sight, through Jesus Christ; to whom be glory for ever and ever. Amen.
Hebrews 13:22	And I beseech you, brethren, suffer the word of exhortation: for I have written a letter unto you in few words.
Hebrews 13:23	Know ye that our brother Timothy is set at liberty; with whom, if he come shortly, I will see you.
Hebrews 13:24	Salute all them that have the rule over you, and all the saints. They of Italy salute you.
Hebrews 13:25	Grace be with you all. Amen.
James 1:1	James, a servant of God and of the Lord Jesus Christ, to the twelve tribes which are scattered abroad, greeting.
James 1:2	My brethren, count it all joy when ye fall into divers temptations;
James 1:3	Knowing this, that the trying of your faith worketh patience.
James 1:4	But let patience have her perfect work, that ye may be perfect and entire, wanting nothing.
James 1:5	If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth to all men liberally, and upbraideth not; and it shall be given him.
James 1:6	But let him ask in faith, nothing wavering. For he that wavereth is like a wave of the sea driven with the wind and tossed.
James 1:7	For let not that man think that he shall receive any thing of the Lord.
James 1:8	A double minded man is unstable in all his ways.
James 1:9	Let the brother of low degree rejoice in that he is exalted:
James 1:10	But the rich, in that he is made low: because as the flower of the grass he shall pass away.
James 1:11	For the sun is no sooner risen with a burning heat, but it withereth the grass, and the flower thereof falleth, and the grace of the fashion of it perisheth: so also shall the rich man fade away in his ways.
James 1:12	Blessed is the man that endureth temptation: for when he is tried, he shall receive the crown of life, which the Lord hath promised to them that love him.
James 1:13	Let no man say when he is tempted, I am tempted of God: for God cannot be tempted with evil, neither tempteth he any man:
James 1:14	But every man is tempted, when he is drawn away of his own lust, and enticed.
James 1:15	Then when lust hath conceived, it bringeth forth sin: and sin, when it is finished, bringeth forth death.
James 1:16	Do not err, my beloved brethren.
James 1:17	Every good gift and every perfect gift is from above, and cometh down from the Father of lights, with whom is no variableness, neither shadow of turning.
James 1:18	Of his own will begat he us with the word of truth, that we should be a kind of firstfruits of his creatures.
James 1:19	Wherefore, my beloved brethren, let every man be swift to hear, slow to speak, slow to wrath:
James 1:20	For the wrath of man worketh not the righteousness of God.
James 1:21	Wherefore lay apart all filthiness and superfluity of naughtiness, and receive with meekness the engrafted word, which is able to save your souls.
James 1:22	But be ye doers of the word, and not hearers only, deceiving your own selves.
James 1:23	For if any be a hearer of the word, and not a doer, he is like unto a man beholding his natural face in a glass:
James 1:24	For he beholdeth himself, and goeth his way, and straightway forgetteth what manner of man he was.
James 1:25	But whoso looketh into the perfect law of liberty, and continueth therein, he being not a forgetful hearer, but a doer of the work, this man shall be blessed in his deed.
James 1:26	If any man among you seem to be religious, and bridleth not his tongue, but deceiveth his own heart, this man's religion is vain.
James 1:27	Pure religion and undefiled before God and the Father is this, To visit the fatherless and widows in their affliction, and to keep himself unspotted from the world.
James 2:1	My brethren, have not the faith of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Lord of glory, with respect of persons.
James 2:2	For if there come unto your assembly a man with a gold ring, in goodly apparel, and there come in also a poor man in vile raiment;
James 2:3	And ye have respect to him that weareth the gay clothing, and say unto him, Sit thou here in a good place; and say to the poor, Stand thou there, or sit here under my footstool:
James 2:4	Are ye not then partial in yourselves, and are become judges of evil thoughts?
James 2:5	Hearken, my beloved brethren, Hath not God chosen the poor of this world rich in faith, and heirs of the kingdom which he hath promised to them that love him?
James 2:6	But ye have despised the poor. Do not rich men oppress you, and draw you before the judgment seats?
James 2:7	Do not they blaspheme that worthy name by the which ye are called?
