Leviticus 24:5	And thou shalt take fine flour, and bake twelve cakes thereof: two tenth deals shall be in one cake.
Leviticus 24:6	And thou shalt set them in two rows, six on a row, upon the pure table before the LORD.
Leviticus 24:7	And thou shalt put pure frankincense upon each row, that it may be on the bread for a memorial, even an offering made by fire unto the LORD.
Leviticus 24:8	Every sabbath he shall set it in order before the LORD continually, being taken from the children of Israel by an everlasting covenant.
Leviticus 24:9	And it shall be Aaron's and his sons'; and they shall eat it in the holy place: for it is most holy unto him of the offerings of the LORD made by fire by a perpetual statute.
Leviticus 24:10	And the son of an Israelitish woman, whose father was an Egyptian, went out among the children of Israel: and this son of the Israelitish woman and a man of Israel strove together in the camp;
Leviticus 24:11	And the Israelitish woman's son blasphemed the name of the Lord, and cursed. And they brought him unto Moses: (and his mother's name was Shelomith, the daughter of Dibri, of the tribe of Dan:)
Leviticus 24:12	And they put him in ward, that the mind of the LORD might be showed them.
Leviticus 24:13	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Leviticus 24:14	Bring forth him that hath cursed without the camp; and let all that heard him lay their hands upon his head, and let all the congregation stone him.
Leviticus 24:15	And thou shalt speak unto the children of Israel, saying, Whosoever curseth his God shall bear his sin.
Leviticus 24:16	And he that blasphemeth the name of the LORD, he shall surely be put to death, and all the congregation shall certainly stone him: as well the stranger, as he that is born in the land, when he blasphemeth the name of the Lord, shall be put to death.
Leviticus 24:17	And he that killeth any man shall surely be put to death.
Leviticus 24:18	And he that killeth a beast shall make it good; beast for beast.
Leviticus 24:19	And if a man cause a blemish in his neighbor; as he hath done, so shall it be done to him;
Leviticus 24:20	Breach for breach, eye for eye, tooth for tooth: as he hath caused a blemish in a man, so shall it be done to him again.
Leviticus 24:21	And he that killeth a beast, he shall restore it: and he that killeth a man, he shall be put to death.
Leviticus 24:22	Ye shall have one manner of law, as well for the stranger, as for one of your own country: for I am the LORD your God.
Leviticus 24:23	And Moses spake to the children of Israel, that they should bring forth him that had cursed out of the camp, and stone him with stones. And the children of Israel did as the LORD commanded Moses.
Leviticus 25:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses in mount Sinai, saying,
Leviticus 25:2	Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When ye come into the land which I give you, then shall the land keep a sabbath unto the LORD.
Leviticus 25:3	Six years thou shalt sow thy field, and six years thou shalt prune thy vineyard, and gather in the fruit thereof;
Leviticus 25:4	But in the seventh year shall be a sabbath of rest unto the land, a sabbath for the LORD: thou shalt neither sow thy field, nor prune thy vineyard.
Leviticus 25:5	That which groweth of its own accord of thy harvest thou shalt not reap, neither gather the grapes of thy vine undressed: for it is a year of rest unto the land.
Leviticus 25:6	And the sabbath of the land shall be meat for you; for thee, and for thy servant, and for thy maid, and for thy hired servant, and for thy stranger that sojourneth with thee.
Leviticus 25:7	And for thy cattle, and for the beast that are in thy land, shall all the increase thereof be meat.
Leviticus 25:8	And thou shalt number seven sabbaths of years unto thee, seven times seven years; and the space of the seven sabbaths of years shall be unto thee forty and nine years.
Leviticus 25:9	Then shalt thou cause the trumpet of the jubilee to sound on the tenth day of the seventh month, in the day of atonement shall ye make the trumpet sound throughout all your land.
Leviticus 25:10	And ye shall hallow the fiftieth year, and proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof: it shall be a jubilee unto you; and ye shall return every man unto his possession, and ye shall return every man unto his family.
Leviticus 25:11	A jubilee shall that fiftieth year be unto you: ye shall not sow, neither reap that which groweth of itself in it, nor gather the grapes in it of thy vine undressed.
Leviticus 25:12	For it is the jubilee; it shall be holy unto you: ye shall eat the increase thereof out of the field.
Leviticus 25:13	In the year of this jubilee ye shall return every man unto his possession.
Leviticus 25:14	And if thou sell ought unto thy neighbor, or buyest ought of thy neighbor's hand, ye shall not oppress one another:
Leviticus 25:15	According to the number of years after the jubilee thou shalt buy of thy neighbor, and according unto the number of years of the fruits he shall sell unto thee:
Leviticus 25:16	According to the multitude of years thou shalt increase the price thereof, and according to the fewness of years thou shalt diminish the price of it: for according to the number of the years of the fruits doth he sell unto thee.
Leviticus 25:17	Ye shall not therefore oppress one another; but thou shalt fear thy God: for I am the LORD your God.
Leviticus 25:18	Wherefore ye shall do my statutes, and keep my judgments, and do them; and ye shall dwell in the land in safety.
Leviticus 25:19	And the land shall yield her fruit, and ye shall eat your fill, and dwell therein in safety.
Leviticus 25:20	And if ye shall say, What shall we eat the seventh year? behold, we shall not sow, nor gather in our increase:
Leviticus 25:21	Then I will command my blessing upon you in the sixth year, and it shall bring forth fruit for three years.
Leviticus 25:22	And ye shall sow the eighth year, and eat yet of old fruit until the ninth year; until her fruits come in ye shall eat of the old store.
Leviticus 25:23	The land shall not be sold for ever: for the land is mine, for ye are strangers and sojourners with me.
Leviticus 25:24	And in all the land of your possession ye shall grant a redemption for the land.
Leviticus 25:25	If thy brother be waxen poor, and hath sold away some of his possession, and if any of his kin come to redeem it, then shall he redeem that which his brother sold.
Leviticus 25:26	And if the man have none to redeem it, and himself be able to redeem it;
Leviticus 25:27	Then let him count the years of the sale thereof, and restore the overplus unto the man to whom he sold it; that he may return unto his possession.
Leviticus 25:28	But if he be not able to restore it to him, then that which is sold shall remain in the hand of him that hath bought it until the year of jubilee: and in the jubilee it shall go out, and he shall return unto his possession.
Leviticus 25:29	And if a man sell a dwelling house in a walled city, then he may redeem it within a whole year after it is sold; within a full year may he redeem it.
Leviticus 25:30	And if it be not redeemed within the space of a full year, then the house that is in the walled city shall be established for ever to him that bought it throughout his generations: it shall not go out in the jubilee.
Leviticus 25:31	But the houses of the villages which have no wall round about them shall be counted as the fields of the country: they may be redeemed, and they shall go out in the jubilee.
