These contraries such unity do hold
Only to flatter fools and make them bold.
  So Priam's trust false Sinon's tears doth flatter,
  That he finds means to burn his Troy with water."

Here, all enraged, such passion her assails
That patience is quite beaten from her breast.
She tears the senseless Sinon with her nails,
Comparing him to that unhappy guest
Whose deed hath made herself herself detest.
  At last she smilingly with this gives o'er:
  "Fool, fool," quoth she, "his wounds will not be sore."

Thus ebbs and flows the current of her sorrow,
And time doth weary time with her complaining.
She looks for night, and then she longs for morrow,
And both she thinks too long with her remaining.
Short time seems long in sorrow's sharp sustaining;
  Though woe be heavy, yet it seldom sleeps,
  And they that watch see time how slow it creeps;

Which all this time hath overslipped her thought
That she with painted images hath spent,
Being from the feeling of her own grief brought
By deep surmise of others' detriment,
Losing her woes in shows of discontent.
  It easeth some, though none it ever cured,
  To think their dolor others have endured.

But now the mindful messenger, come back,
Brings home his lord and other company,
Who finds his Lucrece clad in mourning black,
And round about her tear-distained eye
Blue circles streamed like rainbows in the sky.
  These water-galls in her dim element
  Foretell new storms to those already spent;

Which when her sad-beholding husband saw,
Amazedly in her sad face he stares.
Her eyes, though sod in tears, looked red and raw,
Her lively color killed with deadly cares.
He hath no power to ask her how she fares;
  Both stood like old acquaintance in a trance,
  Met far from home, wond'ring each other's chance.

At last he takes her by the bloodless hand
And thus begins: "What uncouth ill event
Hath thee befall'n that thou dost trembling stand?
Sweet love, what spite hath thy fair color spent?
Why art thou thus attired in discontent?
