  Till manly shame bids him possess his breath
  And live to be revenged on her death.

The deep vexation of his inward soul
Hath served a dumb arrest upon his tongue,
Who, mad that sorrow should his use control
Or keep him from heart-easing words so long,
Begins to talk, but through his lips do throng
  Weak words, so thick come in his poor heart's aid
  That no man could distinguish what he said.

Yet sometimes "Tarquin" was pronounced plain,
But through his teeth, as if the name he tore.
This windy tempest, till it blow up rain,
Held back his sorrow's tide, to make it more.
At last it rains, and busy winds give o'er.
  Then son and father weep with equal strife
  Who should weep most, for daughter or for wife.

The one doth call her his, the other his,
Yet neither may possess the claim they lay.
The father says, "She's mine." "O, mine she is,"
Replies her husband. "Do not take away
My sorrow's interest. Let no mourner say
  He weeps for her, for she was only mine
  And only must be wailed by Collatine."

"O," quoth Lucretius, "I did give that life
Which she too early and too late hath spilled."
"Woe, woe," quoth Collatine, "she was my wife.
I owed her, and 'tis mine that she hath killed."
"My daughter" and "my wife" with clamors filled
  The dispersed air, who, holding Lucrece' life,
  Answered their cries, "my daughter" and "my wife."

Brutus, who plucked the knife from Lucrece' side,
Seeing such emulation in their woe,
Began to clothe his wit in state and pride,
Burying in Lucrece' wound his folly's show.
He with the Romans was esteemed so
  As silly jeering idiots are with kings,
  For sportive words and utt'ring foolish things.

But now he throws that shallow habit by
Wherein deep policy did him disguise,
And armed his long-hid wits advisedly
To check the tears in Collatinus' eyes:
"Thou wronged lord of Rome," quoth he, "arise!
  Let my unsounded self, supposed a fool,
  Now set thy long-experienced wit to school.
