Orpheus who did write of the pluralitie of
Page  2
gods in his time to Musaeus, made recantati∣on, saying, There is but one God. Athenag.

Cicero alledgeth one soueraigne god, Her∣mes Euripides, Sophocles, Epictetus, Hesi∣odus, & Ouid, attribute the creation of the world, and all things therein to one God.

Antisthenes was of opinion, that there vvere many popular gods, and but one true and naturall God, which is the Creator of al.

The Sabians worshipped God in 3. per∣sons, naming the first Holy, the second Fidi∣us, the third Semi-pater, and in their oathes they did commonly put Fidius in the midst, as vnder that name comprehending all the 3. persons, whereof came their great oath, Medius Fidius.

The auncient Romans called their Iupiter Optimus maximus, to shew that his diuinity is before his omnipotencie.

The Persians had two gods, the one good, Creator & author of al goodnes, whom they called by the name of Truth, the other wic∣ked, author of all euill, resembling him to Darknes and Ignorance. Agathius.

The Tuscane wits are sharpe and waspish, God keepeth them vnder a Prince, the Switzers be a people of a contrary dispositi∣on, peaceable and quiet, he therefore giueth
Page  [unnumbered]
them liberty, the Venetians to be of a meane betwixt both, therefore hee permitteth to them a mixt or meane kind of gouernment. Lipsius.

Euclides beeing demaunded many things touching God, aunswered: Other thinges I know not, but of this I am assured, that hee hateth curious persons.

The Athenians banished Protagoras their cittie and Country, because in one of his bookes he called in question the dietie; and caused his bookes to be burned. Cicero.

Vpon the image of Senacharib in Egipt was written, Learne by me to feare God.

Pherecides an Assyrian, for contemning God, and godlines, was so consumed vvith lyce, that he fled for shame from the societie of men, and died miserably.

Lucian, hauing professed Christianity vn∣der the Emperour Traian, fell away after∣wardes, and became so prophane and impi∣ous, that hee mocked at Religion and diui∣nitie, where-vpon hee was sirnamed Atheist, in the end he was torne in peeces with dogs. Suidas.

The Emperour Iustinian, continuing ob∣stinate in the heresie of Pelagius, the wrath of God fell vpon him, and suddenly without
Page  3
any grudge or token of sicknes, hee was de∣priued of his sences, and became a foole, hee was so strooken, that his life and folly ended in one day. P. Diaconus.

Iulian the Apostate, at his death cast vp his blood into the ayre, crying Vicisti Galilaee.

Augustus erected an Altar in the Capitoll, with this inscription, The altar of the first be∣gotten sonne of God. Niceph.

The Emperour Tiberius, vpon a Letter written to him from Pontius Pilate, repor∣ting the miracles of Iesus and his innocent death, with his glorious resurrection, pre∣ferred a bill to the Senate with his assent vn∣to it, to haue them proclaime Iesus to bee God, which they refused, but Tiberius a∣bode still in his opinion. Egesippus.

Alexander the sonne of Mammea, dyd in his chappell worship Iesus, sirnamed Christ, of whom he tooke his Poesie, (Doe not to an∣other, that which thou wouldest not haue doone vnto thy selfe.) And therefore the Antiochi∣ans called him the Arch priest of Syria. Dion.

Certaine Pagans vsed outrage and offered great iniurie to a religious man, and in dis∣daine asked him what profit hee had by his Christ? Is not this, aunswered hee, a singu∣ler profit, not to be moued with your bitter
Page  [unnumbered]
words, and to pardon the heauie wrongs you haue doone me? Cassianus.

The Apostles forsooke all, and followed Christ, that the mother Church might re∣ceiue them naked, whom their mother flesh had brought naked into the world. Cyprian.

The Christian souldiers vnder Iulian the Apostate burning incense, had almost forsa∣ken Christ, but after, beeing better aduised, they restored theyr gifts to him which hee gaue them to commit idolatry, and earnestly desired, that for their right hand vvhich had made that fault, their whole body might suf∣fer for Christ. Ph. Lonicerus.

Marcellius Bishop of Rome, for •eare of Dioclesian offered sacrifice to idols, & Hea∣then gods, but afterward lamented it. Idem.

