
Agis vpon the poynt to giue battaile to the ••ycaonians, vvhen his souldiers sayde, that ••eyr enemies were many; aunswered, The •rince that will subdue many, must of necessity ••ght with many. Tbucid.

Leonides beeing informed by his souldiers ••at the enemies against whom hee vvas to ••ght, vvere so many in number, that theyr •rrovves darkned the beames of the sunne, •o much the better (quoth he) for we shall thē
Page  [unnumbered]
fight in the shade. Licosthenes.

Alcibiades, when his Captaines suddainlie made an alarum with great citties that they were fallen into theyr enemies hands, would say vnto his souldiours, Be valiant and feare not, for we are not fallen into their hands, but they into ours. Thucidydes.

Scaeua a Iew, at the siege of Ierusalem ha∣uing long time defended his fellow souldiers, after much slaughter by him made, abode still fighting, hauing his eyes stopped, hys body vvounded, and his shield strooke tho∣row in sixscore places. Iosephus.

Iulius Caesar, perceiuing the Neruians to haue the better hand, caught a Target from out a souldiours hand that began to flie, and taking his place, did such feates of Armes, that all his Armie recouered courage, & got the victory. Plutarch.

Alexander swimmed ouer dangerous vva∣ters, scaled townes, and put himselfe formost in perrils and paines-taking. Pyrrhus, Hani∣ball, Sertorius and Caesar, are reported to haue done the like.

Eutycus beeing blinde, was set without the aray of the battaile by Leonidas; but being ashamed to leaue his companions, caused a slaue to leade him to the place vvhere they
Page  36
•ought, & there valiantly behauing himselfe, •e was slaine. Valerius.

Sylla the Dictator, hauing condemned to •eath all the inhabitants of Perouza, & par∣•oning none but his hoast, he would needes •ie, saying; that he scorned to hold his lyfe of the murtherer of his country. Appian.

The Polonian Ambassadors aunswered A∣•exander when he threatned theyr country; VVee feare (saide they) but one onely thing, which is least the skie fall vpon vs.

Pompey dreadlesse of a great storme whē he vvas sent by the Senate into Italie, vvas the first that went a shyp-board, and com∣maunded the sailes to be spred, saying: It is necessary that I goe, but not necessary that I liue. Plutarch.

Xerxes great Nauie that dranke vvhole ri∣uers dry, vvas rather a signe of his vvealth then magnanimitie. Iustinus.

Bias holding warres with Iphiorates, and put to the vvorst, his souldiours cryed out, saying: vvhat shall we doe? to vvhom hee aunswered, Tell those that are aliue, that I dyed fighting, and I will report vnto the deade, that you escaped flying. Laertius.

The women of Lacena vvent souldier-like into the field with their husbands.

Page  [unnumbered]
Thomyris Queene of Scythia, ouercame Cyrus, cut off his head, & cast it into a bowle of blood, saying; Satiate sanguine quem siti∣isti. Iustinus.

The vvomen of Scythia, called Amazons, lyued as conquerours ouer men, and vvere neuer conquered by men, vntill Alexander destroyed both them and theyr country.

Semyramis, when newes was brought her that her citty Babylon vvas besieged, all vn∣attyred and vndressed, she tooke her armor, and by her vvonderfull valour repulsed her enemies. Iustinus.

Zenobia, Queene of the Palmerians, after the death of her husband gouerned the Em∣pire, and long helde battaile against the Em∣perour Aurelian, vvho sayd, That it was mo•e valour to conquer a woman so stoute as Zenobia, then to vanquish a king so fearefull as Xerxes.

Penthiselea, Queene of the Amazons, and Hyppolita, the first encountred hande to hand Achilles; the other Theseus, whom hee for her valour and courage afterward marri∣ed. Homer.

Artimesia Queene of Caria, after the death of her husband, shewed such admirable for∣titude against the Rhodians, that she burned theyr Nauies, entered theyr Citties, and
Page  37
••used in them her Image to bee set vp for a •onument of her chiualrie.

VVhen Epaminondas besieged Sparta, & •as gotten into the Towne, Isadas a young •an, all naked, his body annointed ouer •ith oyle, hauing a partisone, thrust himselfe ••to the midst, beating downe all his ene∣•ies before him, and himselfe escaped away •nvvounded. Loncerus.

The Ephori at his return gaue him a crown •n honor of his provvesse, but they amerced •im at a thousand crownes for beeing so ad∣•enturous.

