
The first, was in the raigne of the Emper•• Nero, who caused the bodies of Christia• to be torne in peeces with dogs, and to 〈◊〉 the dogges more fierce, they were braced skins of Beares, & other sauage beasts; vnd•• him suffered Peter and Paule. Eusebius. continued 3. yeares. Tacitus.

The second, was by Domitian, who vnde••••anding
Page  251
that one should spring out of the •ne of Dauid, which should expell him his •mpire, he caused al those to be put to death •hich descended from the race of Dauid, a∣•ongst the Iewes, hee exiled and confined Iohn the Euangelist, into the Ile of Path∣•os, it continued 2. yeares. Orosius.

The third, was by Traiaine, who determi∣•ed by torments to punish the Christians, •nd therefore by publique edict, ordayned ••at the Christians should worship the Idols 〈◊〉 the Gentiles, vpon paine of death, which •hey refusing to doe, he made a great slaugh∣•er of them, afterward he stayed persecution, •nd gaue them liberty. Eusebius.

The 4, was in the time of Mar. Aurel. sirna∣•ed the Phylosopher, who persecuted the Church millitant in Asia and Europe, where •ucius Varus was Gouernour. Idem.

The 5, vnder Septimus Seuerus, which per∣•ecution caused God to disturbe his peace, •or one of his Captaines, called Albinius, re∣•elled against him, who made all Britaine re∣•olt from him, calling himselfe Emperor, du∣•ing his life. Orosius.

The 6, vnder Maximus, who most deuil∣ishly persecuted the Christians, being offen∣ded that A. Seuerus had supported them.

Page  [unnumbered]
The 7. was in the raigne of Decius, 〈◊〉 persecuted them in despight of his predice∣sour Phillip, who was christened. Idem.

The 8. in Valerians raigne, who in the b••ginning greatly fauoured them, but afte••wards hee was seduced by a Magitian of Ae•gipt, because they impugned his deceipts sorceries, and persecuted them vvith gre•• slaughter. Orosius.

The 9. in the time of the Emperour Aur••lius, who the first 6. yeres vsed them most l••uingly, but in the end by the prouocation the deuill, hee persecuted them througho•• all the confines of his Empire. Euseb.

The 10. vnder Dioclesian, which continu•ed 10. yeares together, of the which Euseb••us and Orosius vvere eye-witnesses, som• were broiled and scorched aliue, others, the flesh carded, as though it had been wooll.

The 11. and last, was by Iulianus Apostat• who seeing that the blood of the Martirs wa• the seede of the Church, tempted diuers 〈◊〉 preferments and offices to commit idolatry This was the greatest wound that euer th• Church receaued. Ruffinus. Cassiodorus.

Pressilla, a woman of Campania, was th• nurse of Caligula, shee had against all natur• of women her breast hairy, as she was gyuin•
Page  252
•uck to Caligula, a young child angered her, •hom she tore in peeces, and with the blood •hereof annoynted her breasts, so that he suc∣•ed together blood and milke, which made •im so cruell. Dion.

The women of Campania had this custom, •hat when they would giue theyr teates to a •hild, first they did annoynt the nipple with •he blood of an Hedghogge, to the end that children might bee more fierce and cruell. •dem.

Pyrrhus was borne in Greece, nourished in Arcadia, and brought vp with Tygres milke, 〈◊〉 to say more plainly, Pyrrhus for beeing borne in Greece was sage, for that hee was brought vp in Archadia, hee was strong and couragious, and for to haue sucked Tygres milke, hee was very proude and cruell. Ho∣mer.

Pantaleon, tyrant of Elis, caused those Em∣bassadors that came to him to be guelded, & made thē to eate their own stones. Heraclid.

Bagoas, an Eunuche, not content to haue murthered Artaxerxes, sirnamed Ochus king Aegipt, caused his bones to be sawed in sun∣der, to be filed and scraped, to be shauen, and carued, and made handles for swordes and daggers. I meruaile hee forgotte to make
Page  [unnumbered]
dice of them.

Euilmerodat, or Balthazar, the son of N••buchadnezer, gaue his fathers dead body 〈◊〉 bee deuoured of Vultures, fearing that h• would reuiue againe, who of an Oxe, cou•• become a man.

Tiberius Nero, put one to death, that • craftily tempered glasse that it would bend and bough with Iron (beeing himselfe one • his Crafts-mayster) saying, That gold and si••uer, if such were permitted, would be of no est••mation.

Dionysius, caused Damocles to sitte in 〈◊〉 chaire of estate, abounding with all kinde 〈◊〉 delicacies, but ouer his head did hang a n••ked sword, thereby to shew the estate where in tyrants stood. Plut.

Galba, assembling together the people 〈◊〉 three Townes in Spaine, vnder colour 〈◊〉 treat of somthing for their wealth, caused so•dainly to be murdered 7000. among who• was the flower of all the youth. Valerius.

Octauius, when hee tooke Perowse, choo•sing out three hundred of those that ha• yeelded, as well of the better sort, as of th• vulgar, slew them in manner of sacrifices be∣fore an alter, newly erected Diuo Iulio. Su•∣tonius.

