
Galienus was lerned, but giuen to great ex∣cesse & dronkennes, he was slaine likewise at Millaine, hauing raigned with his Father 6. yeares, and 9. after him.

Flauius Claudius, a vertuous Prince, sober,
Page  [unnumbered]
and a maintayner of iustice, within two yer• after he began his raigne sickned and dyed▪ he ouercame the Gothes, the Germaines, & restored Aegipt to the Empire.

Quintilius, semblable as vertuous as hi• brother, by the assent of the Senat, was made Augustus, and was slaine within 17. dayes af∣ter he began his raigne.

Aurelianus was borne in Denmark, a stout man in war, but cruell, he was slaine through the treason of his owne seruants, when he had raigned 5. yeres 6. moneths; he was the first that wore a crowne imperial, & robes of gold and pearle, which before were strange to the Romaines.

Tacitus, a man of exceeding good condi∣tions, dyed within 6. moneths after his ente∣rance.

Florianus, raigned 2. moneths & 20. daies, he dyed by incision of his owne vaines, & did nothing worthy of memory.

Probus, a man well expert in warfare, a stout and iust man, was slaine in an vproare, which grew among the Souldiours, when he had raigned 6. yeares 3. moneths.

Carus, made his sonnes Carasius, & Numi∣rianus, Emperour with him, Numirianus was vertuous, and Carasius as wicked as Ne∣ro,
Page  169
they raigned 2. yeares, Carus was slaine with lightning, and Numerianus by treason, and Carasius by his owne companie.

Dioclesian, was of ripe wisedome, and gar∣nished with many vertues, yet a great perse∣cutour of the Christians. Maximinianus was associated to him in the Empire, the first raigned 20. yeres, they both left the Empire, and liued priuatly, Dioclesian slew himselfe, for feare of Licinius, & Constantinus Maxi∣minianus was slaine of Constantius, his bro∣ther in law.

Constantius, and Galerius, sirnamed Arme∣nius, for that he somtimes kept beasts, raig∣ned 4. yers with great praise, Cōstantius died in England, and Galerius killed himselfe.

Constantinus, as some write, was the first Emperor that professed the name of Christ, he bulded Cōstantinople, in that place which was called Bizantium, he was a vertuous & godly Prince, he raigned 30. yeares.

Three Emperours and Caesars, raigned at once, Constantinus in Fraunce, Spaine, and Germany; Constantius in the East, Con∣stans in Italy. The first was slaine when hee had raigned 3. yeares, the second was killed by Magnentius whē he had raigned 13 yeres and Constans died when he had ruled 39.

Page  [unnumbered]
〈1 page duplicate〉
Page  169
〈1 page duplicate〉
Page  [unnumbered]
Iulianus the Apostata, raigned 3. yeares, he was a great persecutor of the Christians, wh• he was deadly wounded and lay vppon the ground, he threw his blood to heauen-ward saying, Vicisti Gallilaee.

Iouinianus was a very good Prince, and fa∣uorer of the Gospel, he instituted that tithe• should be paid; he died sodainly when he had raigned 7, moneths.

Valentianus & Valens, raigned foureteene yeres, they were both Christians, Valens was slaine by the Gothes, and Valentianus dy∣ed by an extreame bleeding.

Gratianus raigned sixe yeares, hee was a true maintainer of religion, and learned, hee made Theodosius partner with him, and was slaine in Fraunce, by his Gouernour Maximus.

Theodosius, raigned after him eleauen yeares, hee was a Spaniard, and a godly and vertuous Prince, restoring the peace to the Church, whose death Saint Ambrose be∣wailed, and writ thus of him, That hee was more carefull for the estate of the Church, tha• to preuent his owne dangers.

Arcadius raigned with his brother Honori∣us, the one in the East 15 yeares, the other in the VVest 29 yeres, and dyed.

Page  171
Theodosius the 2, sonne of Arcadius, ruled •t Constantinople 42. yeares, he was a most vertuous Prince, and chose Valentinian as •hen a child to raigne with him, he dyed of •he pestilence.

Valentinianus was slaine by a Souldiour, hired of one Maximus to that end, for that he had forced his wife; he raigned fiue and twenty yeares.
