
Anaxagoras sayd, that a great stone should fall from the sunne the second yeare after the 67. Olympiade, in Egos, a Riuer in Thracia, which came so to passe. Plinius.

Romulus, after the sight of twelue Rauens, as Liuie sayth, or rather because the light∣ning had pierced his body, from the left to the right side (as Dionysius writeth) was by diuination chosen King, which was the re∣spect, that by law it was prouided, that no man should take vpon him to be made King without diuination.

Homer, maketh two gates of dreames, one of horne, which pertaineth to true dreames, and the other of Iuory, to false; the greatest part passe through the gates of Iuory, & not through that of horne.

M. Cicero, dreamed that he saw one in his
Page  [unnumbered]
dreame, whom waking hee had neuer seene, and as soone as he met him, he knew him.

Anaxarchus, in sharpe and colde weather foreknowing that Alexander would pitch hi• pauilion, and incampe in a place where wa• no wood, layde vp all his vtensills and imple∣ments in store for a deere yeare; he caused drudges and slaues to carry vvood by the loade for his owne prouision; when Alex∣ander came to that place, they found such want of wood, that they were compelled to burne their tables; in this lacke, one told the King that Anaxarchus had sufficient, to whō Alexander came and refreshed himselfe with him, rewarding him aboundantly.

Thales Milesius, a Phylosopher, being vp∣brayded that his wisedome could not make him rich, foresaw by study that there would be great scarcity of oyle, which in the time of plenty he bought vp, & whē the want came, by his store, he became exceeding rich. La∣ertius.

VVhen C. Marius, was a child, seauen yong Eagles fell into his lap, which the Augurs did shew, that hee should seauen times haue the greatest honour in Rome, and he was seauen times Consull. Appian.

Sylla, after hee had resigned his Dictator∣ship,
Page  161
beeing reuiled of one, and patiently en∣•uring it, sayde either by naturall reason or a •iuination of thinges to come; This young •an will bee the let, that another man hauing •uch authority, will not so soone giue it ouer; •vhich thing happened in Caesar. Appian.

An auncient Soothsayer of Tuscane (when •greement vvas made betweene the Trium∣•irats) prophecied that the old kings should •eturne, and euery man be in bondage but himselfe alone; and presently hee shutte his mouth, and stopped his owne breath till hee dyed. Appian.

Seleucus, going to Babilon, stumbled on a stone, and the stone beeing remoued an An∣ker was seene: and vvheras the Soothsayers that vvere with him, said it was a signe of de∣lay, Ptolomeus Lagus that went vvith him, said, an Anker was a token of safety, and not of delay; vvhereupon, Seleucus euer after vsed an Anker in his signet.

Alexander returned from India to Babi∣lon, & sayling in the •ends, a suddaine vvind did blow of his diadem into a place of reeds, in which stoode the sepulchre of an ancient King; which was held to be a token of his death.

Page  [unnumbered]
Of Maiestie. The fountaine of all excellent manners 〈◊〉 Maiestie, being the whole proportion and figu•• of noble estate, and properly a beauty or comli∣nesse in the countenaunce, language & gesture• which doth cast vpon the beholders & bearers a fearefull reuerence.

THere was in the Emperour Augustus • natiue maiestie, for from his eyes issued raies or beames which pierced the eyes o• the beholders. Sueto.

The Frenchman that came to kill Marius when he saw his countenance, ran from him▪ crying, that he had no power to kil him. App▪

VVhen Vlisses ship and men had suffere•• shipwrack, and he hardly escaped, being ca•• all naked vppon the coast of the Pheacaes the Kings daughter sent him a mantle, vvho comming to the King, presented such a won•derful maiestie in his lookes and speech, tha• Alcinous vvished Vlisses woulde take his daughter Nausicaa to wife. Homer.

The people wondering at his maiesty, ho∣noured him with sundry presents, & at they• owne charges conueied him to Ithaca.

Page  162
Scipio beeing in his manour place called Linternum, diuers notorious theeues & Py∣•ats came onely to see his person, of vvhose •ame they had heard so large reports; but he not knowing this theyr intent, armed hym∣selfe to make defence, vvhich the Captaine perceiuing, dispatched his followers, & lay∣•ng downe his vveapons, said, That they came not as enemies, but wondering at his vertue and valour; vvhervpon Scipio entertained thē.

Calphurnius Crassus, conspiring vvith o∣thers the death of Nerua, he knowing there∣of, placed them next to him at a publique show, and not fearing danger (being streng∣thened with a great mind) gaue them swords ready drawne, and asked them whether they vvere sharpe enough, who taking the swords in their hands, had no power to hurt him.

At the beginning, whē the multitude of people were oppressed by them that abounded in posses∣sions & riches, they espying some one which ex∣celled in vertue and fortitude, repaired to him▪ who ministing equity, when hee had defended the poore frō iniurie, retained together the grea∣ter persons with the inferiour, in an equall and indifferent order, wherfore they called that man a king, which is to say a Ruler.

Page  [unnumbered]
Belus the sonne of Nemrod, vvas the fir•• King in the vvorld.

The auncient Egiptians called theyr king•Epiphanes, and had this custome, that they should enter the Temple barefooted; and because one of them came to the Church o∣therwise, he vvas deposed, and that name o• dignitie ceased.

