
Rome was called the hauen of succour, the •nker of trust, the key of curtesie, wher-vnto •ll helplesse Princes fled.

Pompey hauing cōquered Tigranes King of Armenia, and he kneeling at his feet, yeel∣ding his crowne and scepter, he tooke him in his armes, put his crowne vppon his head, and restored him againe to his kingdome. Plutarch.

Iulius Caesar was as willing to reuenge the death of Pompey, as L. Paulus was curteous & fauourable to his foe Perseus. Idem.

Haniball, although a deadly enemy to the Romaines, yet in princely clemency he wone more commendacions by the buriall of Ae∣milius Gracchus, & Marcellus, then he got fame by ouercomming three thousand Ro∣maines. Valerius.

Polycrates the tyrant of Samos, was very gentle towards those women that were the wiues of the dead Souldiours, restoring them to their liberty, and giuing them wherewith∣all to maintaine their after estate.

Vespasian, after that Vitellius had kil∣led
Page  [unnumbered]
his brother Sabius, and long persecuted his sonne, being at last subdued, he spared his daughter, and bestowed a great sum of mo∣ney with her in mariage.

Agesilaus, after he had ouercome the Co∣rinthians, did not so ioy in his conquest, as he lamented the death of so many men. Plut.

Augustus, when he had conquered Alexan∣dria, the Citty which Alexander built, moo∣ued with pitty in sight of the Cittizens, ex∣pecting nothing but death, said, for the beau∣ty of your Citty, and memory of Alexander, and the loue I beare vnto Pyrrhus your phi∣losopher, and pitty of all, I spare your Citty, and graunt you life. Aelianus.

Certain drunkards abused in wanton spech Pisistratus vvife, and being sober the next morning, came to aske him forgiuenes, he gently said, learne to be sober another time.

Camillus rebelled against Alexander Se∣uerus, the Emperour of Rome, and for that, being condemned to dye by the Senate, was pardoned by him. Eutropius.

Fabius forgaue Marius, the treasons hee practised against him.

Cicero said of Iulius Caesar, that he extol∣ling dead Pompey, and erecting his statues, did set vp his owne.

Page  44
Alphonsus, by his clemency and gentlenes, •one Careta, so did Marcellus ouercome Siracusa.

Diogenes, Heraclitus, Apermanthus, & Ti∣•ion of Athence, were vngentle and vnciuile persons, and for their strange manners, ter∣med haters of men.

Phocion the Athenian, would in nothing fulfill the request of the people, and therfore he was hated worse then a Toade.

The Spartans, for their obedience and hu∣mility vvere more honoured, then eyther Thebes renowned for her Gods, or Athence for her wisedome. Plut.

Marius being appoynted by the people of Rome twice to tryumph, deuided the glory betweene himselfe, and his fellow Catullus. Appian.

Dion, after he was made King of the Syra∣cusans, would neuer change his accustomed fare and apparell, which he vsed as Studient in the Vniuersity. Plut.

As Alexander was on his voyage, to con∣quer the Indians, Taxiles, one of the Kings desired him, that they might not vvarre one against another, If thou (said he) art lesse then I, receaue benefits, if greater, I will take them of thee: Alexander admiring his curteous spech,
Page  [unnumbered]
answered; At the least we must fight and con∣tend for this: whether of vs twaine shal be most beneficiall to his companion. Curtius.

Traianus was so meeke and curteous, that he was fellow-like to all men; during all his raigne, there was but one only Senator con∣demned, who was adiudged to death against his will. Eutropius.

The kingdom wherin the Emperor Augu∣stus most delighted and ioyed, was of the Mauritanes, and the reason was this, because all other kingdoms he got by the sword, and this kingdom by intreatance. Suetonius.

Alexander did write to Publian his bit-ma∣ker, Iulius Caesar to Rufus his gardener, Au∣gustus to Pamphilo his smith, Tiberius to Escaulus his miller, Tullie to Myrlo his tay∣lour, and Seneca to Gipho his rent-gathe∣rer, P. Aemilius to his plough-man, C. Den∣tatus to his carpenter; such was theyr affa∣bility.

