
Sixtus the first, a Romaine, diligently prea∣ched the Gospell, & with many good works and godly deeds beautified the Church, he was vigilant and carefull for his flocke, and died for it. Anno, 129.

Telesphorus the first, a Grecian, vvas a
Page  186
worthy man for learning and godly life, he bare witnes of Christ most faithfully & con∣•tantly, both by his words and death, vnder the Emperour Antoninus. An. 140.

Higinus the first, an Athenian, of a Chri∣stian Philosopher, was made a Bishop, who discharging the duty of a good Pastor, was put to death anno 144. Hee wrote in a Caue where he did hide himselfe in time of perse∣cution, an Epistle touching God, and the in∣carnation of the sonne of God.

Pius, borne in Aquilia, did many godly deeds in the Church, vnder Antonius Ve∣•us, and in the end watered the Church of Christ with his blood in martirdome. 159.

Anicetus a Syrian, a faithfull and diligent Pastor of the Church of Rome, was marty∣red anno 169.

Sother, borne in Campania, like a valiant Souldiour of Iesus Christ, serued vnder his spirituall banner, in the time of the Empe∣rour Commodus, he confirmed the doctrine which hee had preached, vvith his blood in martirdome. 177.

Eleutherius, a Grecian, (notwithstanding the stormes of persecution were somewhat calmed in his time, because many of the Ro∣maine nobility beleeued on Christ) yet hee
Page  [unnumbered]
was beheaded 191. in his time, also man• godly vvriters writ learned bookes agayn•• diuers heresies and heretiques, which infec∣ted the Church.

Victor, borne in Affrica, was the first, tha• when the storme of persecution was calmed vsurped authority vpon strangers; In the former Bishops, sayth Vincentius, the spyri•• abounded, but in these that follow, the tempta∣tion of flesh and blood preuailed. He exempted his brethren of Asia from the Communion, because in keeping Easter day, they followed not the vse of the church of Rome, for which Policrates & Iraeneus Bishops of Ephesus, & Lyons reproued him; as then the church was rent in twaine by his obstinacy, he died. 203

Zepherinus, a Romaine borne, was a man more addicted to the seruice of God, then to the care of any worldly affairs, where before the vvine in celebrating the Communion, was ministred in a cup of wood, he first did alter that, and in sted thereof, brought in Cups or Chalices of glasse; in his time were the Artemonites a sect of vaine Philosophi∣call Diuines, who as our late Schoolmen, did corrupt the Scripturs, with Plato, Aristotle, and Theophrastus, turning all into curious and subtile questions.

Page  187
Origen taught the holy Scripture at Alex∣•ndria, in Zepherinus time, but his bookes •ere refused, because he brought in vnprofi∣•able disputations and allegories.

Calixtus the first, borne at Rauenna, when •ersecution began to waxe hote againe, was •pprehended by the commaundement of A∣••xander Seuerus, and after that, he was bea∣•en with cudgels and imprisoned, his body •as cast out of a window, and drowned in a •eepe pit. 226.

Vrbanus the first, a Romaine, in the time of Heliogabalus, with his sincerity of life, & ex∣•ellency in learning, drew many on all sides •o the Gospell; he was often times banished •he Citty for the Christian fayth, but being •ecretly brought in againe by the faithful, he •as martired by Seuerus. 233.

Pontianus, a Romaine, in the afore-sayde Emperours raigne, when the people ranne •n multitudes to heare him preach the word, •y the Princes commaundement, being set •n by the idolatrous Priests, he was caried •rom Rome, to the Ile Sardinia, where hee •as put to death. 239.

Antherosa Grecian, preached constantly & stoutly, vnder the tirany of Maximius the Emperour, he first ordained that all the acts
Page  [unnumbered]
of Martyrs should be recorded, least the re∣membrance of them should be lost with their lifes; he dyed a Martir. 243.

Fabian, a Romaine, as hee was returning home out of the field, and with his Countr• men present, to elect a new Byshop, there was a Pidgeon seene standing on his head, and sodainly he was created Pastour of the Church, which he looked not for, as Eusebi∣us writeth; hee suffered martirdome vnder Decius, 150. Some write that he baptized Philippus the first, Emperour, and that hee was the first that acknowledged the Christi∣an faith.

Cornelius, a Romaine, was Bishop in the time of Decius, the seauenth persecutour of Rome, vnder whom he was martyred; hee condemned the heresie of Nouatius.

Lucius, a Romaine, driuen into Exile by Gallus Hostilianus, the persecutors of Chri∣stianity, was comforted of S. Cyprian by let∣ters; he after his death returned to Rome, and was put to death by Valerianus com∣maundement. 255.

Stephen, a Romaine borne, succeeded him, who in the raigne of Galienus, after he had conuerted many of the Gentiles to the faith of Christ, was beheaded. 257.

Page  188
Sixtus, the second, a Grecian, of a Philoso∣•her, became a Disciple of Christ, and with many thousands of Martyrs was slaine in the •ersecution of Decius and Valerius. 267. •. Lawrance loued this Bishop euen to the •eath, of the which the one was slaine with •he sword, the other broyled to death vpon • Gridiron.

In his time anno 260, one Paule terrified with the persecution, got him into the VVil∣dernes and solitary places, and so became the first Eremite; for that time, as Eusebius sayth, many Christians for feare of death de∣nied their faith; vpon this, Monks had theyr beginning, as Hierome writeth, in the life of this Paule the Eremite.

Dionysius, a Grecian, as appeareth by the Church of Antioche, 273. did conuince of error Paulus Samosatenus, notwithstanding he could not be there himselfe, by reason of his age; hee conuerted to Christianity the daughter of the Emperour Decius, and Tri∣phonia her mother, with 46. thousand more, and at the length was martyred with them and many other, at Salarie gate. 277.
