
The Nazarites vow was, neuer to cut their haire, nor drinke wine, nor pray for the dead.

King Dauids poesie vvas, Voue et redde.

H. The fourth Emperor of Almain, vowed to liue an Hirmit ten yeeres, and called him∣selfe Godstall, that is, Gods calling. Polycr.

Page  83
Stampitius, a holy Father of the Church, vowed vnto God a thousand times, that hee vvould become a better man, but hee neuer performed that which he vowed, then sayde he, Heereafter I will make no such vowe, for I haue now learned by experience, that I am not able to performe it, but commend my selfe vnto Gods mercy. Mag. Sent.

One promised to marry the daughter of Lisander, but her father dead, & his state not found so good as he was supposed, the young man reuolted; then the Magistrates called Ephori, vnderstanding thereof, by a common cōsent punished the young man as offender.

Antigonus the King, held Zeno in great re∣uerence, and one day being drunke, hee met Zeno, and bid him commaund him any ser∣uice and he vvould doe it, and bound it with an oath, to whom Zeno sayde, Abi et euome, goe and vomit.

Polymnestor, in whom King Priamus re∣posed his confidence, committed his Sonne Polidorus vnto him, whom hee falsely slewe, notwithstanding his solemne vowe, to haue a most tender care ouer him. Virgill.

The people of Sarmatha, were most false in wordes, deceitful in deedes, and trecherous one to another.

Page  [unnumbered]
The vvifes of the Scythians, while theyr husbands were at warres, brake their vowes, and married theyr slaues, vvhom at theyr returne they killed. Valer.

Forsworne Crocalus, King of Sicilia, killed King Minos, vnder colour of friendship, and pretence of talking with him.

Cleomenes, brake promise with the Ar∣giues, with vvhom hee tooke truce for cer∣taine daies, and notwithstanding castily be∣trayed them in the night, slewe thē sleeping, and imprisoned them contrary to his former promise.

The Argiues loued so well theyr hayre, that beeing conuicted by the Lacedemonians, they shaued theyr heades, bewailing their misfortune, and vowed, neuer to let theyr haires grow, vntill they had recouered their losses.

Lisander, admirable among the Lacede∣monians, neuer made any reckoning of iu∣stice but vvhen it vvas profitable, accoun∣ting onely profit to be honest, & saying, That it vvas requisite chyldren shoulde bee deceaued with the play of Cockall, and men beguiled with oathes.

The Emperor Iustinian, for breaking hys fayth with the Barbarians, and violating
Page  84
peace vvith the Bulgarians, his own subiects rebelled, and Leontius vsurped the king∣dome, first cutting of his nostrils, and then sending him into banishment.

Of Silence & Secrecie. Nature hath placed the tongue betweene the bead and the hart, hauing aboue it the instru∣ment of all the Sences, the eyes, the eares, and nose, obedient vnto reason, to the end it vtter nothing before counsell taken of the inward fa∣culties of the soule, which are Vnderstanding & Reason, seated in the braine.

PYthagoras the Phylosopher, commaun∣ded all the Schollers he receiued into his schoole, to bee silent fiue yeeres, & to learne of others so long before themselues dyd vt∣ter any thing.

Harpocrates, was the Superintendent, and the corrector of mans speech, & vvas drawn vvith a ring fastned vpon his lyps.

Augerona was fained to bee the Goddesse of Silence, drawne with her finger vpon her mouth, and a table vppon her breast, where∣on vvas vvritten, Heare, See, & say nothing.
Page  [unnumbered]
showing in vvhat reuerence they ought to hold secrecie.

The Egyptians did euer cut out his tonge, that had disclosed any secret, or reuealed a∣ny practise to the enemy. Diodo.

In the time of the Emperour Augustus, one Fuluius, for hauing disclosed a matter of counsell to his vvife, they vvere both put to death.

The Persians ordayned most seuere pu∣nishment, for those that coulde not keepe counsell. Q. Cur.

Homer blamed Thersiles for too much speaking, and praysed Menelaus, because he spake little.
