The Lacedemonians might not indure in their musicke more then in other matters, a∣ny new inuention.

Therpander, (in those dayes a famous mu∣sition) for that he inuented to adde another string to a certaine instrument then vsed, vvas banished his Country, and his instru∣ment broken.

Ambrose Bishop of Millane, when that hee vvith other holy men, vvatched euen in the Church, least they shoulde haue beene be∣trayed to the Arrians, brought in singing to auoyde tediousnes, and to driue avvay the time. August.

This Athanasius forbadde, to auoyde vani∣ties. S. Augustine was indifferent, and it re∣pented
Page  98
him, because hee had sometimes fal∣len, by giuing more attentiue heed vnto the measures and chordes of musicke, then the words which were vnder them spoken; for that measure & singing, were brought in for words sake, and not words for musick.

In the East parts, the holy assemblies, euen from the beginning, vsed singing. P. Mart.

Architas inuented a certaine musicall in∣strument, to stay the running wits of chyl∣dren. Pausa.

The Grecians learned to daunce of Castor and Pollux, and vsed to dispatch theyr busi∣nes dauncing.

The Sirians, before they met their enemies vsed to sing and daunce. Plut.

The Romaine Priests called Salij, vsed to daunce in honour of Mars.

Diodorus a cunning Musition, beeing sent for by the harlot Lamia, refused to goe, yet Demetrius hauing his Armor on, the badge of a vvarriour, and his Diademe, the cogni∣zaunce of a King, was not ashamed to goe to her house. Aelianus.

The Phylosophers called Peripateticks, condemned musick in vvemen, saying, that betweene it and chastitie there could be smal agreement. Niphus.

Page  [unnumbered]
Euripides is commended for reprehending such as vse the Harpe at feasts, for sayth hee, Musicke ought rather to bee sent for vvhen men are angry or mourne, then vvhen they are feasting and making merry, thereby to make thē giue more liberty to pleasure then before.

A Musition by the onely vertue of the Do∣rian tune, preserued the chastitie of Clytem∣nestra, the vvife of Agamemnon, from the assaults of Aegisthus, who to bee reuenged, slew the Musition.

Dionysius commaunded, that all his ser∣uants should daunce in purple roabes, which Plato would not doe, saying; I will not put on a womans garments. But Aristippus did, and when he began to daunce, sayde, In dronken feates the sober offend not. Laert.

Diogenes reprooued Musitions, because they tooke great care that their instruments shoulde agree, and neglected theyr man∣ners.

Neanthus handled the Harpe of Orpheus, whereon expecting the trees to daunce, hee did by his confused iangling thereon, cause the dogs to barke at him.

Epaminondas, to auoyde the shame of ig∣norance in musicke, learned to play vppon
Page  99
diuers instruments. Cicero.

Nero, the same night which vvas the last of his lyfe, (among the complaints which in∣stant death, feare and sorrowe did minister,) thys onely thing he most bewailed, that so famous a Musition as himselfe, should per∣rish from the world. Tacitus.

A boy in Athence taking into his hand the instrument of an excellent Musition, vvho was hired to teach him, and putting it to his mouth and straining his breath vvhereby his cheekes began to swell, perceiuing thereby the deformitie of his countenaunce, present∣lie brake the pype, and disdainefully flung it away. Petrarch.

Socrates vvhen he vvas old, gaue his mind to musicke and dauncing. Appian.

Scipio ordinarily vsed to mooue his try∣umphant and martiall body, after the tyme and measure of musicall instruments, not vvantonly mincing with his feete, but after a manly sort, vvhich hee sayde, shoulde no vvaies disparage him, if his enemies did be∣hold him.

Bacchus instructed the people of East In∣dia to honour the heauens, and the seauen Planets, by diuers kindes of daunces. Dio∣dorus.

Page  [unnumbered]
