
Hercules in his challenge at Olympus, 〈◊〉 himselfe the vnknowne and fortunate.

Iason Pheraeus, was hurt by his enemie with a sword, & supposing he had slaine him, he left him, but the sword opened an impo∣stume in Iason, whereby the enemy did heale that, although vnwittingly, which no Chirur∣gion
Page  220
was able to cure. Cic. de nat. deorum.

Homer, faigneth two vessels to be in hea∣uen full of destinies, the one of good, the o∣ther of bad, and hee accounteth him happy, who equally pertaketh as well of the one as of the other.

Policrates, tyrant of Samos, was so fortu∣nate, that in all his lyfe hee neuer tasted of greefe or losse, howbeit, to pertake some sor∣row with others, hee cast a Ring of an ine∣stimable value into the Sea, which was after∣wards found in a fishes belly, presented to him by a poore fisher-man; in the end Po∣licrates was hanged. Herodotus.

Pittacus, a Painter, made a ladder in a tem∣ple at Mitylene, seruing to no other vse then as a gift dedicatory to Fortune; signifying thereby, that those that clymed vp with ease Fortune fauoured, and came headlong down if she frowned vpon them. Pausanius.

F. Maximus, Marcellus, Scipio, Sylla, Ma∣rius, and other great Captaines, had the oft∣ner charge of Armies committed to them, not for theyr valour onely, but in regard of their good fortune. Cicero.

The Elizian fields, where the Poets fayne the soules of the righteous to abide, are in the Ilands of Atlas, which we call the fortu∣nate
Page  [unnumbered]
or happy Ilands. Homer.

Sylla, hauing got the Dictatorship, yeelde• himselfe and all his actions to the fauour o• Fortune, saying, That hee reputed himselfe t• be Fortunes child, and there-vpon tooke to hi• the sirname of Faelix.

Caesar entering vpon the Sea in a little Fri∣got, and the weather very tempestuous, the Pilot making some doubt of waying vp the anchour, Caesar sayd, Be not afrayd my friend, for thou carriest Caesar and his fortune. Plut.

After the death of Caligula and Nero, the Senate caused all theyr riches and Iewels to be burned, and buried in vvells, fearing that in their tiranicall goods, there might be hid∣den some euill fortune, by the possessing of which, Rome might be lost, & the common-wealth impoysoned there-with. Suetonius.

The Emperour Adrian did weare a Ring of gold, which he sayde, was once the Ring of Drusius Germanicus, and it had this poesie engrauen, Illis est grauis fortuna quibus est re∣pentina, Fortune to them is most greeuous whom she assaulteth sodainly. M. Aurelius.

Bibulus, riding through Rome in triumph, a tilestone fell from the roofe of a house and killed him.

Lucia, M. Aurelius sister, hauing a needle
Page  221
on her breast, her child betweene her armes, •aying his hand vpon the needle, thrust it in∣to her breast, wherof she dyed.

Cneius Rufferius, one day coambing of his head, by chaunce did strike one of the teeth into it, where-with he gaue himselfe a mortal wound, and dyed. Aurelius.

S. Ambrose, being in a rich mans house, & vnderstanding that he had euery thing in af∣fluence and ease, presently departed, fearing least he should be pertaker of some misfor∣tune; & afterwards the house was swallowed in an earthquake.

Theramenes, one of the 30. tyrants, being at a feast amongst a number vpon whom the house did fall, and he only escaping, was pro∣nounced happy, but he answered, O Fortune, to what further mischiefe doost thou reserue me? Valerius.

Themistocles, before hee vvas elected to beare authority in the common-weale, was little worth, but when he had once occupied the place of superiority, after he was banish∣ed, his goods being praised, amounted in va∣lue to an hundred talents.

Rome was happy in the birth of Cato Cen∣sorius, & Scipio, for that the one warred with their enemies, the other with their manners.

Page  [unnumbered]
Of Fame. Fame is one of the parts of good fortune, in the opinion of some Philsophers and of the Po∣ets, fayned to be the follower of vertuous and noble actions, and fitly compared to the shadow wich accompanieth the body, and attendeth vp∣pon true honour, which is the reward of vertue.

AMongst the Romaines, the linage of the Cornelij was had in great estimation, for of them all, neuer one was found a coward, or a defamed person.

Marius, was neuer offended with any re∣port that went of him, because if it were true it would sound to his prayse, if false, his lyfe and manners should prooue it contrary. Sa∣lust.

