Among the Athenians no King was crea∣ted, before he had taken orders, and vvas a Priest, they killed all those that enuied theyr religion.

Theyr chiefest oath was this, In defending religion, both alone and with others will I fight against my foes. Demosth.

The Aegiptians of Philosophers chose their Priests, and of Priests their Kings.

The Lacedemonians when they laid hands vpon those that fled to the temple of Nep∣tune for succour, Sparta was so shaken vvith earth-quakes, that few of theyr houses esca∣ped. Nat. Comes.

The Phocians were condemned in a great summe of money, by the Amphyctiones, be∣cause they had tilled grounde, which was consecrated to the Gods, which sum, when they refused to pay, they pronounced theyr Countrey, as confiscate to the Gods, where∣vpon arose a warre, called the holy vvarre, made by the rest of the Grecians against thē, which in the end was their ruine. Diodorus.

Epicurus first began to rise, against the reli∣gion of God. Lucretius.

Page  [unnumbered]
The Germaines in the time of Tacitus, 〈◊〉 neyther lawe nor religion, nor knowledge nor forme of common wealth, whereas no• they giue place to no nation for good in•struction in all things.

The Chananites were the first that vve•• ignorant of the true worshipping of God because theyr first Authour and original Cham vvas cursed of his Father Noah. La••tantius.

The Hebrewes vvorshipped the true Go• at the first, but when they increased in num∣ber, as the sands of the Sea, they went into diuers Countries, and left there true religi∣on, fayning newe Gods and ceremonies▪ after their owne inuentions. Idem.

The Romaines allowed the seruice of 〈◊〉 Gods, and to that end builded a temple to them all, called Pantheon, yet vvould they neuer receaue the true God, to wit, Ieho∣uah the Lord GOD of the Hebrewes. Eu∣sebius.

Ecebolius in Constantines time a Christi∣an, in Iulianus a Gentile, lay along in the Church Porch, crying, tread me vnder foote, for that I am vnsauory salt. Idem.

Vitalis a Souldiour, when Vrsicinus a Phi∣sition endured martirdome for religion, see∣ing
Page  12
his courage to faile, boldly spake to him, •oe not Vrsicinus now cast away thy selfe, that hast cured so many, nor after so much blood of thine spilled, loose the merrit which is prepared for thee. Antonius.

The vnchristianlike behauiour of Christi∣ans, haue caused the Turks euen to detest the true religion.

The cruelty, blasphemy, and couetousnes of the Spanyards, haue altogether alienated the poore Indians from the religion, which they gaue out to be true. Beuzo.

The Princes of Italy support the Iewes, rank enemies to religion.

Constantine was the first of the Romaine Emperours, that forsaking errors and here∣sies, confessed and adored the maiesty of the true God. Lactantius.

Iouianus refused to gouern those that were not sound in faith; I (saith he) that am a Chri∣stian, cannot become your Emperour, that are the Disciples of Iulian a runnagate from Christ. Eusebius.

The liberality of Princes, and especially of Matilda a Dutches of Italy, who at her death made the Pope her heire, begot ambition in the Bishops of Rome, and ambition destroy∣ed religion. Aeneas Syluius.

Page  [unnumbered]
Gratianus at his first entering, finding a places full of Arrians, & the lawes of Valen•• his Vncle making for them, fearing some ge∣nerall tumult, if he should presently distress• so manie, gaue leaue that euerie religion might haue churches & Oratories with free•dome, but being once ioyned with Theodo∣tius, hee commanded that all theyr heresie• should be depressed; He sent the confession of his faith to Saint Ambrose. Eutropius.

Lycurgus reformed the estate of the Lace∣demonians, Numa Pompilius of the Ro∣maines, Solon of the Athenians, and Deuca∣lion of all the Grecians, generally by making them deuoute and affectionate toward the Gods in prayers, oaths, oracles, and prophe∣cies, through the meanes of feare, and hope of the diuine nature, which they imprinted in them.

Alexander after hee had sacked Tyrus, marched towards Ierusalem, to destroy it, because the Iewes refused to ayde him with victuals and munition, but when hee saw the high Priest comming towards him attired in his holy garments, he so reuerenced him, that he not onely spared the Citty, but also gaue gifts to the temple. Iosephus.

Cains a Romaine Emperor sent Petronius
Page  13
〈◊〉 Syria with commandement, to bid bat∣•••e to the Iewes; If they would not receiue 〈◊〉 Image into their temple, which they 〈◊〉 to doe sa•ing: They had rather dye then 〈◊〉 from the lawes of God. Idem.

