
Pomponius Atticus, sent to Cicero being banished, two hundred thousand Sesterties, and vnto Volumnius & Brutus as much.

Phryne a Curtezan of Greece, after Alex∣ander had subdued the Citty of Thebes, and made the wals therof leuell with the ground, she offered to reedifie them vpon this con∣dition, that vpon euery gate of the Citty, this sentence should be set; This Citty Alex∣ander the great threw downe, and Phryne the Curtezan builded vpon againe.

Atta•us King of Asia ready to dye, beque•∣thed his kingdome by testament to the Ro∣maines, to bestow where they would, for that they were so liberall, somtime to him, when fortune fauoured him not.

Artaxerxes, made those Souldiours that came from Lacedemonia to ayde him, which came a foote, to goe home a horseback, they that came vpon horses, he sent back in cha∣•iots,
Page  47
& he that had a Village when he came to him, he gaue a Citty at his departure.

Alexander maried vpon his owne charges, •he most part of the Nobles of Macedonia, •nto the Ladies of Persia.

Aristides hauing all the state of Athence vnder his gouernment, gaue his wealth to the poore Cittizens, reseruing a small sum to bu∣ry him with all.

Democritus Abderita, being very rich, as may be gathered by the feast which his Fa∣ther made to Xerxes army, which consisted of more then two thousand millions of men, gaue all his patrimony to his Country, reser∣uing a little portion for himselfe, that hee might study Philosophy, & then went to A∣thence. Herodotus.

Caesar at one time gaue to Paulus Consull 9. hundred thousand crownes, for feare least he should oppose himselfe against his enter∣prises, and to Curio the Tribune fifteene hundred thousand, that hee should take his part.

Cymon of Athence, gaue a yearely pension to the poore, fed the hungry, and cloathed the naked. Lactantius.

The Romaines had a lawe, that no man should presume to make a publique feast,
Page  [unnumbered]
except before he had prouided for all th• poore of his quarters. Patritius.

Epaminondas hauing notice of a rich man, that had no care of the poore, sent a needy fellow vnto him, and commaunded him vn∣der great penalty, to giue him presently 600 crownes; the Cittizen hearing this, came to him, and asked him the cause thereof, this man (said hee) is honest and poore, and thou which bast greatly robbed the common wealth a•t rich, compelling him to bee liberall in spight of his teeth.

Alexander by his liberality, made away for his noble plat-formes, wherby he became monarch of three parts of the world, destri∣buting liberally all his demaines amongst his followers.

He caused proclamation to be made during his warres, that all they that were indebted vpon any occasion whatsoeuer, should bring their conditions vnto him, and he would dis∣charge them, which he performed.

He gaue at one time to his Maister Aristo∣tle 800. talents, as a reward for his paines and expences, he had been at, in describing the nature and property of lyuing creatures. Plutarch.

He sent to Anaxarchus 50. talents, but he
Page  48
•efused them, saying, that he knew not what to doe with so great a sum, what, sayd Alex∣ander, hath he no friends to pleasure? seeing all King Darius wealth will not suffice mee, to di∣•tribute among my friends.

Perillus besought him to giue some money towards the mariage of his daughter, where∣•pon he gaue her 50. talents, but he said, that it was too much by halfe, but he replied, If •alfe be enough for thee to take, yet it is not e∣nough for me to giue.

He gaue to a poore Aegiptian, asking his •almes, a rich and populous Citty, and when the other amazed, supposed that he had moc∣ked him, take (quoth he) that which I giue thee, for if thou art Bias that demaundest, I am Alexander that giueth.

Titus loued so liberality, that remembring one euening with himselfe, that he had giuen nothing the same day, sayd, O my friends, wee haue lost this day.

Dyonisius the elder, entering into his sonns lodging, and beholding theyr great store of rich Iewels and gold, sayde vnto him, My Sonne, I did not giue thee these riches to vse in this sort, but to impart them to thy friends.

Pertinax who succeeded Commodus, sur∣passed all the Emperours that euer were, for
Page  [unnumbered]
exceeding liberality, he forbad that his nam• should be set vpon any Castle within his do∣minion, saying, that his lands were not prope• to him onely, but common to all the people o• Rome. Suetonius.

Haniball, after he was vanquished by Sci∣pio, fled into Asia to King Antiochus, who tooke him into his protection, and right ho∣norably entertained him. Appianus.
