
Page  [unnumbered]
Adrian the Emperour, doated on the loue of Antinous a faire young man, insomuch that he dedicated a Temple to him at Man∣tinea, and a Citty at Nilus. Pausan.

The Achaians honoured Fortune & Loue both together, in Aegina, because none can attaine to Loue without Fortune. Niphus.

Propertius, when he was in loue, sayde hee was not himselfe, but a shadow.

Hephestion was called the louer of Alex∣ander, Craterus of the King. Plut.

VVhen Cyrus vvent to ouer-come Baby∣lon, the riuer Euphrates let him, & a Knight whom the King wel loued, ventured into the water, and was drowned, then the king made a vow, that this great riuer should not come to any vvomans knees which shoulde vvade ouer, and therfore he parted it in the broade fields into foure hundred & threescore cha∣nels, and so tooke the citty.

Perdiccas, for the loue he bare to Alexan∣der, refused a great reuenewe in Macedonia, and followed him in his vvarres in Asia. Plu∣tarch.

Turinga had so many louers, that shee coulde not reckon them vppon her fingers ends, but called for a bushell of pease to tell them by. Aurelius.

Page  73
Demetrius hauing strongly begirt the Cit∣ty of Rhodes, for the loue he bare to Proto∣genes painted table, raised his siege.

Of Iealousie & Suspition. This griefe of the minde, as it is called iealou∣sie, belongeth onely to matters of loue, and there∣fore hath to name Zelotypia, the loue of beau∣ty, whose braunches are obtractation, emulation, •nuie, and detraction.

POlycrates Samius, dearely affected Ana∣creon the Poet, who likewise loued the Paramour of Polycrates, named Smerdias, but Polycrates kindled with the sparkes of iealousie, supposing that the Poet loued Smerdias exceedingly, shaued off his golden locks, thereby to make him mishapen, whose losse Anacreon lamented in a Poem. Aelia∣nus.

Phanius was so iealous of his wife, that hee locked her vp, thinking by that meanes to preuent all commers, but he was deceaued, and what shee could not compasse beeing at liberty, she effected being pent vp.

Leucononia, the wife of Cyampus, was de∣uoured of a dogge, in sted of a wild beast, hi∣ding
Page  [unnumbered]
her selfe in the woods to follow & mark her husbands walks.

Argus hundred eyes, could not keepe Io from Iupiter. Ouid.

Procris followed her husband Cephalus into thee woods, fearing that he had some o∣ther Loue, who being hid in the bushes, and desirous to come neerer to him, hee suppo∣sing some wild beast to be there, killed her. Ouidius.

Plutarch reporteth the lyke of Aemilius, who killed himselfe, when hee saw it vvas his wife.

The fish Canchar is iealous ouer her male, and striueth oft for him. Plinie.

Aemilia, the wife of noble Scipio, who al∣though shee knew thinges euident by him, made much of his Paramour, as she made of her husband, and all for Scipios sake.

Abraham was iealous of his wife Sara.

The Persians were so suspitious, that theyr wiues had no liberty to goe abroade, & when they went, it was in VVaggons.

The Thracians with such care and study kept their vvyues, that they would trust no man in their companies, but their Parents. Herodotus.

An hundred threescore and ten Romain•
Page  74
women poysoned theyr husbands, because they were iealous of them. Valerius.

Galatius Maria, Duke of Millane, beeing at masse, was slaine by a Cittizen, for a iea∣lousie hee had conceaued, that this Prince had entertained his wife. Guicchard.
