
Philip the first King of Macedon, vva• slaine by Pausanias a meane gentleman, be∣cause hee woulde not let him haue iustice •∣gainst Antipater.

VVhen Aristides was to determine a con∣trouersie betweene two, one of them sayde, My aduersary Aristides hath doone the wrong. But he aunswered; My friend, de∣clare onely vvherein he hath wronged thee for I am here to doe thee right, and not my
Page  21
••lfe. Laertius.

Antonius Venereus, Duke of Venice, cau∣••d his sonne to die in prison because hee had ••uished a maide.

Papinian a Pagan, although hee was com∣•aunded by the Emperor Caracalla (whose •eward and familiar hee was) to defende an •niust cause, would not doe it. Marsilius.

Cleon of Lacedemon, minding to deale in •ublique affayres, called all his friends toge∣•her, and told them that hee renounced and •ischarged himselfe of all friendship, because 〈◊〉 caused men sometimes to swarue from iu∣•tice. Plut.

Aurelianus the Emperour, was so fearefull of placing an vnwoorthy man in the seate of iudgement, that hee neuer preferred any to the dignity of Senator, but with the consent of the whole Senate. Pau. Diaconus.

Traianus allighted from his horse as he was going to warres, onely to doe iustice to a poore woman. Eutropius.

Mardus sate in iudgement vpon his Sonne Cartanes, and would haue put him to death, but Artaxerxes seeing his iustice, pardoned his sonne. Aelianus.

Agesilaus requested by his Father to gyue sentence against equity, graciously denyed
Page  [unnumbered]
him with this aunswer; You haue taught me• ô Father, from my youth to obey the lawes, 〈◊〉 therefore I will now obey you therein, by iudg∣ing nothing against the lawes.

At Athence, if any man committed wilful murder, iudgemēt was prosecuted in a place called Martius Pagus, it against his vvill, the sessions was kept in Palladum, if the murde∣rer were apprehended, and the deede doo•• chaunce medly, in Delphico.

Domitius alwayes punished the poore, & those that were of no power, but the rich and mighty he pardoned. Suetonius.

Demetrius the besieger, hauing receiue• many requests and supplications of his sub∣iects, threwe them all into the water as he• went ouer the bridge, wherupon his subiects conceiued such hatred against him, that 〈◊〉 Armie forsooke him & yeelded to Pyrrhus▪ who draue him out of his kingdome. Dio∣dorus.

The Romaine Censors, disfranchised a cit∣tizen of Rome, because he breathed & yaw∣ned a little too loude in theyr presence. Va∣le•ius.

Augustus Caesar, beeing desired by Tacitus to come to his house, to iudge of an offence which one of his sonnes had committed, did
Page  22
〈◊〉 Tacitus requested, but first he commaun∣••d that euery one should first set downe his •inde in writing, and then he gaue his cen∣•re, fearing that if he had spoken first, they •ould all haue said as he sayd. Seneca.

Ferdinando the fourth, adiudging tvvo •ights to death more through anger then ••stice, one of them cryed aloude, saying: O •niust King, we cite thee to appeare within 30. ••yes before the tribunall seate of Iesus Christ, 〈◊〉 receiue iudgement for thine iniustice, vpon 〈◊〉 last of which dayes he dyed. Paulus Di∣•conus.

The name of law was vnknown among the Greekes in the time of Homer. Iosephus.

Minos, Zoroastres, Trismegistus, Caron∣•as, Lycurgus, Solon, Draco, Numa, & o∣•her law-giuers, haue euer fathered theyr •awes vpon some God, the better to haue •hem in authoritie, nature teaching thē, that •t appertained vnto God alone, and that o∣therwise the lawes would not be obserued.

The Princes of Persia & Media, gaue coū∣•el to Darius, that hee shoulde neuer change •ny law after it was once made.

Diodorus writ of certaine people, among whō no man ought to speake of the change of a lawe, except hee wore a halter, vvith
Page  [unnumbered]
vvhich hee was hanged if his opinion too• not place.

The Cittizens of Marseills, were much re∣nowned for that they remained constant 〈◊〉 their lawes & customs without changing▪

Lycurgus, after hee had brought the Lace∣demonians to receiue his lawes, hee ma•• them all sweare that they would alter no 〈◊〉 of them during his absence, and after that,〈◊〉 neuer returned into his country againe.
