Pray said Nestor to his children, for vnlesse
Page  15
God helpe vs, we shall all perish. Homer.

The Romaines after many great victories, •etermined to make a very rich crowne of •old, and offer it to Apollo, but the common •reasure being poore, the vvomen defaced •heir Owches and Iewels to make it with all, •or which, they had graunted three things to •eare on their heads, garlands of flowers, to goe in chariots, and openly to the feasts of •he Gods.

Theseus asked of the Gods three things, good fortune, want of inward sorrow, & such glory as was neither false, counterfaite, nor •ained: of three other boones which he pray∣ed of Neptune, the third was, in his fury cur∣•ing his sonne Hyppolitus, and wishing his violent death, which after it was granted, he repented him. Cicero.

Demonides hauing crooked feet, lost both of his shooes, where-vpon he desired God •hat his shoone might serue his feet that had •ound them.

VVhen Alcibiades was condemned by the Athenians, they commaunded the religious people of either sexe to curse him, which one of them refused to doe, saying, that they had entered religion not to make vniust, but iust prayers. Thucydides.

Page  [unnumbered]
Sylla, Tiberius, Caligula, and Nero, neue• could but commaund and kill, on the other side, Augustus, Titus, and Traianus, could not but pray and pardon, in such manner that they ouercame praying, as the other figh∣ting.

The Lacedemonians custome was, not to craue any thing of their Gods, but what was of importance and consequence, saying tha• all smal matters were to be obtained by man• industry.

Plinie in an oration he made in the prayse of Traiane, commended the custome of the Auntients, to make inuocation before the beginning of their work, and sayd, that there could be no assured nor wise beginning of a∣ny enterprise, without the especiall ayde and counsaile of God.

In Athence was a temple dedicated to Mer∣cy, which the Athenians kept so well watch∣ed and locked, that without leaue & licence of the Senate, none might enter therein; in this temple were only the Images of pittiful men, and none entered there to pray and doe sacrifice, but those that vvere pittifull Macrobius.

Isocrates prayed God to saue and keepe him from his friends, rather then his ene∣mies,
Page  16
saying, of his enemies he could be wary, •ecause I trust them not, so can I not of my ••iends, because I haue assured confidence 〈◊〉 them.

Octauius prayed GOD that it might be •yde, that by him the common wealth of •ome was preserued from all danger, and at •is death to carry with him that hope, that 〈◊〉 might remaine many ages in that estate •e left it. Suetonius.

A poore man craued an almes of the Em∣•erour Maximilian, and told him, that they •ame both of one Father, to wit, Adam, and •o consequently were brethren, desiring bro∣•herly to deale with him: to whom the Em∣•erour gaue a small peece of siluer, whereat •hen he saw the poore man discontented, he told him, that he ought to take it in good worth, saying that if euery one of his bre∣•hren would giue him as much, he should •uickly be richer then himselfe.

Anthony distressed by the King of Par∣••ia, held vp his hands to heauen, saying, if a∣•y disdaine of GOD remayned of his for∣•er fortunes, hee desired it might fall vpon •im, so the Romaine army might be freed, •nd haue the victory. Appian.

Virginia the daughter of Virginius, for that
Page  [unnumbered]
her Father was a Plebeian, was forbidden to doe sacrifice with other Romaine matrone in the temple of Chastity, wherfore she mad• a temple of her own house to the Goddesse▪ for which, the Senate made her a Patritia•Liuius.

Claudius defiled the faire matrone Obe••∣na, as he found her praying in the temple 〈◊〉 Minerua, who condemned for sacriledge, e∣scaped punishment by bribes.

Brutus not satisfied in killing Caesar, mad• his prayers vnto Iupiter, and the hoast 〈◊〉 heauen, to plague Caesar and his posterity.

VVhen the Cretans were vngently intrea∣ted of the Romaines, they did not pray 〈◊〉 their Gods to send them pestilence, warre and famine, or sedition, but that they woul• suffer new customes, manners, and fashion to be brought amongst them.

The praier of old Cato, was that the cou•• of pleas might bee set with linnes and 〈◊〉, to take the professors of the braw••• study of law. Plutarch.

Alexander caused his Horse Bucephalus be buried; Augustus his Parrot; and Heli∣ogabalus his Sparrow▪ at whose obsequie• hee prayed and caused the body to be em∣balmed.

Page  17
Of Vertue. The Hebrewes, by reason of the tenne Com∣•aundements, boasted that they had the cheefest •od, and the summe of all Vertue.

MArcus Marcellus building a Temple which he called the Temple of Honor, 〈◊〉 so place & situate the same, as none could •aue any entrance therein, except hee came ••rough the Temple of Vertue. Liuius.

