The Romaines chiefely honoured Iupiter, the Affricans Mars, the Corinthians Apollo, the Arabians Astaroth, the Aeginians the Sunne, those of Achaia the Moone, the Si∣donians Belphegor, and the Ammonites Ba∣lim.

The people of India honored Bacchus, the Lacedemonians Ogyges, the Macedonians Mercurie, the Ephesians the Goddesse Di∣ana, the Greekes, the goddesse Iuno, the Ar∣menians Liber, the Troyans Vesta, the La∣tines Februa, the Tarentines Ceres, the Rho∣dians Ianus. Apollonius.

Page  [unnumbered]
Vaginatus vvas worshipped that theyr ch•∣dren might not cry; Ruminus was the God of sucking babes; Stellinus of their first go∣ing; Adeon theyr guide vvhen they vvent well.

Cunius vvas adored for the safetie of theyr chyldren in Cradles.

VVhen the Emperour Seuerus vvarred a∣gainst the Gaules, his vvife Iulia was deliue∣red of a daughter, vvhose sister Mesa a Per∣sian, sent vnto the Empresse a Cradle for her childe, made all of Vnicornes horne & fine golde, round about vvhich vvas artificially painted the image of the God Cunius.

Mentalis was theyr God of vvit, Fessoria of trauailers and pylgrims, Pelonia had the charge to conquer their enemies, Rubigo to keepe their Vines from vvormes, and the Corne from Locusts.

Muta vvas theyr God vvhom they prayed vnto, to the end that theyr enemies might not speake euill of them.

Genoria vvas a goddesse among the Greci∣ans vvhich chased away sloth; and Stimulia they fained to be a goddesse which hastened them about theyr b•sinesse, her Image was sette vp ouer the gate of the Senate house.

Vallonia vvas the goodesse of their vallies.
Page  146
Segetia of their seeds. Tutillina of their fields. Ruana of their Reapers.

Forculus vvas the god of Goldsmithes, Por∣tulus vvas the God of their gates, Cardea of theyr doores.

Psora vvas the goddesse of dishonest vvo∣men; in Rome were 40. streets of common vvomen, in the middst of which vvas theyr Temple.

Theatrica kept theyr Theaters, in vvhich might well stand aboue 20. thousand, and as many vnderneath; her Temple was in the market of Cornelia, vvhich Domitian de∣stroyed, because in his presence one of the Stages broke, and killed many men. Pulio.

Cloacina was goddesse of the stoole, and of those that were troubled with the wind Col∣lick. Quies of their rest, whose Temple Nu∣ma Pompilius built without the Citty; no∣ting therby, that man in this world, could ne∣uer haue pleasure or rest.

The gods of Troy more enuied the gods of Greece, then the Princes of Greece did the princes of Troy. Vulcan & Pallas were their enemies, Apollo and Venus their friends.

The Phylosopher Bruxellis being ready to dye, told the Romaines that where in times past they had but 5. Gods, namely, Iupiter,
Page  [unnumbered]
Mars, Ianus, Berecynthia, and Vesta; he let for euery one of them a priuate God, to 28000. housholds, 28000. gods. Aurel.

The Egiptians, although they were the first that excelled in the knowledge of celestiall and naturall things, (in somuch as Egipt was called the mother of Arts,) yet they aboue all others, superstitiously worshipped Leeks and Onions. Macrobius.

The Heathen honoured thirtie thousand Gods, as Hesiodus vvriteth, & adored three hundred Iupiters, as Marcus Varro vvitnes∣seth.

M. Cato vvorshipped his grounds, desi∣ring them to bring forth in aboundance, and to keepe his Cattell safe.

Diagoras burning an Image of Hercules, said; Thou must now doe me seruice in this thir∣teene encounter, as well as thou hast done to Eu∣ristheus in the other twelue.

The Assirians vvorshipped as many Gods as they had townes, and the Grecians as ma∣ny as they had fancies.

Melissus an auncient King of Creet, dyd first of all others sacrifice to the Gods.

Vr Chaldaeorum, the fire of the Chaldeans, called also Orimasda, that is, holy fire, vvas the first occasion of Idolatry; this fire, kings
Page  147
caused to be vsually carried before them vp∣pon an horse.
