
Page  259
Mulcasses king of Thunis, after he was de∣•riued of his kingdome, in his returne out of Almaigne, being without hope that the Em∣perour Charles the fift vvould helpe him at •ll, hee spent one hundred crownes vpon a Peacock dressed for him. P. Iouius.

Maximilian the Emperour, deuoured in one day forty pounds of flesh, and drunke an •ogshead of vvine.

Geta the Emperour, for three dayes toge∣ther continued his feastiual, and his delicates vvere brought in by the order of the Alpha∣bet.

Astydamas, beeing inuited by Ariobarza∣•es to a banquet, eate vp al that alone, which vvas prouided for diuers guests. Vopisc.

There vvas a contention betweene Hercu∣les and Lepreas, vvhich of them both should first deuoure an Oxe, in which attempt Le∣preas vvas ouer-come, afterwards, hee cha∣lenged him for drinking, but Hercules vvas his maister. Aelianus.

Aglais, vvhose practise was to sounde the trumpet, deuoured at euery meale tvvelue poundes of flesh, with as much bread, as tvvo bushels of wheate vvould make, and three gallons of vvine.

Philoxenes, a notorious glutton, vvished
Page  [unnumbered]
he had a necke like a Crane, that the svveet• meate vvhich he eate might bee long in go∣ing downe. Rauisius.

Lucullus at a solemne and costly feast he made to certaine Embassadors of Asia, a•mong other things, he did eate a Griph boi•led, and a Goose in paste. Macrob.

Salust, in his inuectiue against Cicero, a•mongst many graue matters vvhereof he accused him, he spake of his wanton excesse as hauing poudred meats from Sardinia, an• wines from Spayne.

Lucullus tooke great paynes himselfe i• furnishing of a feast, and when he was aske• vvhy he was so curious in setting out a ban•quet, hee aunswered, That there was as grea• discretion to be vsed in marshalling of a feast, 〈◊〉 in the ordering of a battaile, that the one migh• be terrible to his enemies, and the other accep∣table to his friends. Plut.

In Rhodes, they that loue fish, are accoun∣ted right curteous and free-harted men, bu• he that delighteth more in flesh, is ill though of, and to his great shame is reputed a bond slaue to his belly. Aelianus.

Sergius Galba, was a deuouring and glut•tonous Emperour, for he caused at one ban∣quet 7. thousand byrds to be killed. Suet.

Page  260
Xerxes hauing tasted of the figges of A∣•hence, sware by his Gods that hee vvoulde •ate no other all his life after, and went forth∣•vith to prepare an Army to conquer Gre∣•ia, for no other cause but to fill his belly full of the figges of that Country. Plut.

Plato returning out of Sicill into Greece, told his schollers that he had seen a monster, meaning Dionisius, because hee vsed to eate •wice a day. Idem.

Aristotle mocking the Epicures, sayd, that •pon a time they vvent all into a temple to∣gether, beseeching the Gods that they wold gyue them necks as long as Cranes and He∣•ons, that the pleasures and tastes of meates might be more long, complayning against Nature for making their necks too short.

The Sicilians dedicated a Temple to Glut∣•ony, and erected images to Bacchus & Ce∣•es, the God and goddesse of vvine & corne. Pausanias.

M. Manlius, in times past made a booke of diuers vvayes hovv to dresse meate, and an∣other of the tastes, sauces, and diuers meanes of seruices, vvhich were no sooner publi∣shed, but by the decree of the Senate, they were burned, and if hee had not fled speedily •nto Asia, he had been burned with them.

Page  [unnumbered]
There was a lawe in Rome called Fabia, b• which it was prohibited, that no man shoul• dispend in the greatest feast hee made, abou• an hundred Sexterces. Aul. Gellius.

The law Licinia, forbad all kindes of sauce at feastes, because they prouoke appetite, & are cause of great expence. Idem.

The lawe Ancia, charged the Romaines t• learne all kinde of sciences but cookerie.

The law Iulia, vvas that none should bee 〈◊〉 hardie as to shutte theyr gates vvhen the• vvere at dinner, that the Censors of the Cit•tie might haue easie accesse into theyr hou•ses at that time, to see if their ordinary wer• according to their ability. Macrob.

Nisaeus a tyrant of Syracuse, vvhen he vn∣derstood by his Soothsayers that he had no• long to liue, the little time hee had left, he• spent in belly-cheere and drunkennesse, an• so dyed. Rauisius.

