
The Emperour Fredericke, sayde to cer∣taine of his Minions that vvere importunate to get into their hands the auncient demeane of the Empire, That hee rather would bee ac∣counted of small liberality, then periured. Phil. Comi.

Melius Suffetius, a dictator of Albany, was drawne in peeces vvith foure horses, for that hee had broken his fayth, and the Cittie of Alba was rased cleane downe. Liuius.

Caracalla the Emperour, hauing pursued the king of Persia, contrary to his promise,
Page  [unnumbered]
vvas himselfe afterward slaine.

Ladislaus King of Hungary, made a most honourable truce with Amurath, during which, he was perswaded by Carninall Iulian Embassador from Pope Eugenes, to breake it, vvhich was the cause that hee vvith the chiefe of his Armie and the Cardinall, vvere slaine outright. Guychardine.

Pope Adrian tooke a solemne oath to ob∣serue the peace concluded with the Empe∣rour Fredericke, and afterwards breaking it, as he dranke was choked with a flie. P. Com.

Michael Paleologue, beeing chosen Empe∣rour of the Greekes, promised & swore, that hee vvoulde render vp the Empire into the hands of Iohn Lascaris whē he should come to age; but notwithstanding, he held it still; hee died miserably, and to his posteritie en∣sued an infinite number of mischiefes, & was occasion of the first beginning of the Tur∣kish monarchy.

Christiern, King of Denmark, hauing bro∣ken his fayth giuen to his subiects, was depri∣ued his Realme, and afterwards lyued myse∣rably, although he receiued many succours from the Emperour Charles the fift.

Charles, Duke of Burgundie, hauing vio∣lated his fayth promised to the Switzers, and
Page  82
before that to the King of S. Poll, vvas van∣quished, and all ill hap accompanied him e∣uer after. Guychar.

Andronicus Conuens, cleane contrarie to his fayth giuen to the infants of Emanuell & to them of Nice, vsurped the Empire, but he was soone after hanged vp by the feete, & hewed in peeces for his periury.

Alexander hauing vovved to kill the first that should come forth of the towne, put an Asse to death in stead of him that ledde her. Q. Cur.

Haniball being but fifteene yeeres of age, was sworne by his father that he should con∣tinually prooue an enemy to the Romaines. Appian.

Cassandra, for breaking her promise vvith Apollo, had this punishment, that propheci∣ed she neuer so truly, shee should not be be∣leeued. Virgill.

The first temple Romulus built at Rome, was dedicated to faithfulnes. Pausa.

Paulus Iouius, Bembus, Sabellicus, and Pandolphus, accuse the Frenchmen for not keeping their fayth according to theyr pro∣mise with the Venetians.

The Petelines in Calabria, and the Sagun∣tines in Spain, chose rather to die a miserable
Page  [unnumbered]
death, then to break the fayth they had once plighted. Liuius.

The prayse vvhich Sylla gaue Cinna, made him commit periurie.

The Indians vse to cut off the lyps and the handes of periured persons, to shewe the of∣fence they had committed against God and theyr neighbours.

The Oracle of Delphos made aunswer, that all things should prosper well, if they forbad all oathes.

The Scythians vse to sweare by the vvinde and their sworde, because the winde giueth breath to liue by, & the sword killeth.

It vvas in no case permitted to the Priests of Iupiter to swear, for that an oath often en∣deth in cursing and periurie.

Among the oathes of Iudges, one was that they should take no present. Demost.

Socrates vsed to sweare by a dog, Pythago∣ras by the number of foure, the Manichies by the light.
