Vetruria disswaded her Sonne Martius be∣sieging Rome, onely by reducing to his me∣mory, the loue hee ought to haue to his Country. Liuius.

Sertorius desired Pompeius and Metellus, to procure his reuocation, saying, He desired rather to be called an obscure Cittizen of Rome, then else where an Emperour.

Pompeius loued the common-weale, but Cicero preserued it so, that vnlesse Cicero had preserued the estate, Pompeius should haue vvanted place vvhere to tryumph. Plutarch.

Iulius Caesar and Cicero, being mortall e∣nemies, Caesar in the Senate, sayd vnto him, I cannot deny this, ô Cicero, but that in those things that touch thy selfe, thou art carelesse & remisse, but in matters that concerne the comon-wealth, very importune. Suetonius.

Timagenes seeing the Citty of Thebes, be∣sieged for his sake, chose rather to yeeld him∣selfe to the Greekes, who were desirous of him, then to abide the burning, spoyling, and
Page  [unnumbered]
sacking of his Country.

Aratus the Sicyonian, when his Citty was 50. yeares with-holden by tyrants, being de∣parted from Argos to Sicyon, with a priuy stoln entry got possession of the Citty, ouer∣came the tyrant Nicocles, restored home a∣gaine 600. banisht men, and set the common weale at liberty. Cicero.

Aulus Fuluius, a Senatour of Rome, be∣cause his Son (other wise of great hope) was confederate with Cataline, in the conspiracy, killed him, saying, I begotte thee not for Cata∣line, to go against thy Country, but for thy Coun∣try against Cataline. Valerius. Max.

Gracchus, Son of that Gracchus, that had been twice Consull, whose mother was Cor∣nelia, daughter to Scipio, that conquered Affrica, meaning well to his Countrey, but managing it vndiscreetly, was slaine in the Capitoll, by Cornelius, Scipio, Nasica, and his followers. Appian.

Of Pleasure. How so euer by the Latines, Pleasure is inter∣preted in the worser sence, by the name of Vo∣luptas, the Greekes are indifferent, terming it Hedone, whose deriuation is from sweetnes or
Page  91
pleasantnes; it is accompanied with delectation, recreation, oblectation, insultation, ill will, &c.

THE Scythians were so giuen to all kinde of pleasure, that in beastlines they excee∣ded brute beasts. Pausanias.

Sardanapalus was so subiect to plesure, that he consumed all his time therein, whose poe∣sie was, Ede, bibe, lude, post mortem nulla vo∣luptas.

The Kings & Princes of Asia, were much giuen to pleasure.

The life of Dionysius, when he was in his best health, was lost by sodaine ioy. Fulgosius.

M. Aurelius banished fiue vvise-men his Court, for clapping their heeles, and hands, and laughing outragiously.

Heliogabalus writ certaine wanton books, and called them by the name of his wife Se∣myramida.

Tharua the Romaine Consul, died through sodaine ioy, while he was reading the letters of the Senate, wherein they had ordayned a common supplication & thanksgiuing to be solemnly made. Plut.

Sophocles dyed vvith immoderate reioy∣cing, for that his Tragedies went so generally applauded. Plinius.

Page  [unnumbered]
Diagoras the Rhodian, and Chilon hearing that their children had wone the prize at the games of Olimpus, felt such a motion in them of the spleene, that they were stifeled with ioy.

Ep•curus, who placed his felicity in corpo∣rall pleasures, dyed miserably in a vessell of hote water.

Xerxes propounded rewards to those, that inuented new kind of pleasures. Iustin.

Socrates meruailed that Aesope made not a fable, wherein hee might haue fayned, that God, since hee could neuer couple pleasure and sorrow together, might haue knit them with an extreamity, so that the beginning of one, should haue beene the end of the other. Plato in Phaedro.

The Romaines and the Athenians, to get the good will and loue of the people, builded Theaters, shewing diuers deuises of pastimes, as Comedies, Tragedies, and dauncing of Antiques.

The Greekes had 4. great games appoyn∣ted, the first vpon mount Olympus in Arca∣dia, which Hercules inuented to honour Iu∣piter, which was so famous, that as the Ro∣maines vsed to account the time by theyr Consuls, so did the Greekes by these games,
