Before I know myself, seek not to know me.
No fisher but the ungrown fry forbears.
  The mellow plum doth fall; the green sticks fast
  Or, being early plucked, is sour to taste.

"Look the world's comforter with weary gait
His day's hot task hath ended in the west.
The owl, night's herald, shrieks; 'tis very late.
The sheep are gone to fold, birds to their nest,
  And coal-black clouds that shadow heaven's light
  Do summon us to part and bid good night.

"Now let me say goodnight, and so say you.
If you will say so, you shall have a kiss."
"Good night," quoth she, and ere he says "Adieu,"
The honey fee of parting tendered is.
  Her arms do lend his neck a sweet embrace;
  Incorporate then they seem; face grows to face,

Till, breathless, he disjoined and backward drew
The heavenly moisture, that sweet coral mouth,
Whose precious taste her thirsty lips well knew,
Whereon they surfeit, yet complain on drouth.
  He with her plenty pressed, she faint with dearth,
  Their lips together glued, fall to the earth.

Now quick desire hath caught the yielding prey,
And gluttonlike she feeds yet never filleth.
Her lips are conquerors, his lips obey,
Paying what ransom the insulter willeth,
  Whose vulture thought doth pitch the price so high
  That she will draw his lips' rich treasure dry.

And having felt the sweetness of the spoil,
With blindfold fury she begins to forage.
Her face doth reek and smoke, her blood doth boil,
And careless lust stirs up a desperate courage,
  Planting oblivion, beating reason back,
  Forgetting shame's pure blush and honor's wrack.

Hot, faint, and weary with her hard embracing,
Like a wild bird being tamed with too much handling,
Or as the fleet-foot roe that's tired with chasing,
Or like the froward infant stilled with dandling,
  He now obeys and now no more resisteth,
  While she takes all she can, not all she listeth.

What wax so frozen but dissolves with temp'ring
And yields at last to every light impression?
Things out of hope are compassed oft with vent'ring,
