Whose hollow womb resounds like heaven's thunder.
  The iron bit he crusheth 'tween his teeth,
  Controlling what he was controlled with.

His ears up-pricked, his braided hanging mane
Upon his compassed crest now stand on end.
His nostrils drink the air, and forth again,
As from a furnace, vapors doth he send.
  His eye, which scornfully glisters like fire,
  Shows his hot courage and his high desire.

Sometimes he trots, as if he told the steps,
With gentle majesty and modest pride.
Anon he rears upright, curvets, and leaps,
As who should say, "Lo, thus my strength is tried,
  And this I do to captivate the eye
  Of the fair breeder that is standing by."

What recketh he his rider's angry stir,
His flattering "Holla," or his "Stand, I say"?
What cares he now for curb or pricking spur,
For rich caparisons or trappings gay?
  He sees his love, and nothing else he sees,
  For nothing else with his proud sight agrees.

Look when a painter would surpass the life
In limning out a well-proportioned steed,
His art with Nature's workmanship at strife,
As if the dead the living should exceed,
  So did this horse excel a common one
  In shape, in courage, color, pace, and bone.

Round-hoofed, short-jointed, fetlocks shag and long,
Broad breast, full eye, small head, and nostril wide,
High crest, short ears, straight legs and passing strong,
Thin mane, thick tail, broad buttock, tender hide--
  Look what a horse should have he did not lack,
  Save a proud rider on so proud a back.

Sometimes he scuds far off, and there he stares.
Anon he starts at stirring of a feather.
To bid the wind a base he now prepares,
And whe'er he run or fly, they know not whether,
  For through his mane and tail the high wind sings,
  Fanning the hairs, who wave like feathered wings.

He looks upon his love and neighs unto her.
She answers him as if she knew his mind.
Being proud, as females are, to see him woo her,
She puts on outward strangeness, seems unkind,
