The 1549 Book of Common Prayer,
The source text for these PDF files was a true facsimile
(probably the only one ever made) of the 1549 BCP privately
printed in 1896. This book appears in David Griffiths'
Bibliography of the Book of Common Prayer as 1896/5, and is a
facsimile of the very first printing of the Book of Common
Prayer, Griffiths 1549/1. The links on the image of the Table of
Contents below lead to these PDF files. We have a page of
technical notes for these PDF files at
http://justus.anglican.org/resources/bcp/1549/PDF_Notes.htm, if
you are interested.
The fonts used were JSL Blackletter, and Founder's Caslon, from
HW Caslon & Co. These were chosen for their similarity to the
original text, and the fact that they contained all the required
ligatures and other special characters.
You may redistribute this document electronically provided no fee
is charged and this header remains part of the document. While
every attempt was made to ensure accuracy, certain errors may
exist in the text. Please contact us if any errors are found.
This document was created as a service to the community by
Satucket Software:
Web Design & computer consulting for small business, churches, &
non-profits
Contact:
Charles Wohlers
P. O. Box 227
East Bridgewater, Mass. 02333 USA
chadwohl@satucket.com
http://satucket.com

THE CONtentes
of this Booke.

i. A p°eface.
ii. A table and Kalendar fo° Pƒalmes and Le±ons, with
nece±ary rules perteinyng to theƒame.
iii. The o°dre fo° Matins and Euenƒong, throughout the
yeare.
iu. The Introites, Collectes, Epi¥les and Goƒpelles, to
be vƒed at the celeb°acion of the lo°des Supper and
holy Communion th°ough the yere, with p°oper
Pƒalmes and Le±ons, fo° diuerƒe fea¥es & dayes.
v. The Supper of the Lo°de and holy Communion,
commonly called the Ma±e.
vi. Of Baptiƒme, bothe publique and p°iuate.
vii. Of Confirmacion, where alƒo is a Catechiƒme fo°
child°en.
viii. Of Matrimony.
ix. Of viƒitacion of the ƒicke, and Communion of the
ƒame.
x. Of Buriall.
xi. The purificacion of women.
xii. A declaracion of ƒcripture, with certein p°ayers to bee
vƒe the fir¥e daye of Lent, commonlye called Aƒhwedneƒdaie.

xiii. Of Ceremonies omitted o° reteyned.
xiiii. Certein notes fo° the mo°e plain explicacion and decent
mini¥racion of thinges conteined in this boke. 
THE PREFACE.
Here was neuer any thing by the wit of man ƒo well
deuiƒed, o° ƒo ƒurely e¥abliƒhed, which (in continuance
of time) hath not been co°rupted: as (emong other
thinges) it may plainly appere by the common p°ayers
in the Churche, commonlye called diuine ƒeruice:
the fir¥e o°iginall and grounde whereof, if a manne
woulde ƒearche out by the auncient fathers, he ƒhall
finde that theƒame was not o°deyned, but of a good
purpoƒe, and fo° a great aduauncement of godlines: Fo° they ƒo o°dred the
matter, that all the whole Bible (o° the greate¥ parte thereof) ƒhould be read
ouer once in the yeare, intendyng thereby, that the Cleargie, and ƒpecially
ƒuche as were Mini¥ers of the congregacion, ƒhould (by often readyng and
meditacion of Gods wo°de) be ¥irred vp to godlines themƒelfes, and be mo°e
able alƒo to exho°te other by wholƒome doctrine, and to confute them that were
aduerƒaries to the trueth. And further, that the people (by daily hearyng of
holy ƒcripture read in the Churche) ƒhould continuallye p°ofite mo°e and
mo°e in the knowledge of God, and bee the mo°e inflamed with the loue of his
true religion. But theƒe many yeares pa±ed this Godly and decent o°dre of
the auncient fathers, hath bee ƒo altered, broken, and neglected, by planting in
vncertein ¥o°ies, Legendes, Reƒpondes, Verƒes, vaine repeticions, Commemo°acions,
and Synodalles, that commonly when any boke of the Bible
was began: befo°e three o° foure Chapiters were read out, all the re¥ were
vnread. And in this ƒo°te the boke of Eƒaie was begon in Aduent, and the booke
of Geneƒis in Septuageƒima: but they were onely begon, and neuer read
thorow. After a like ƒo°te wer other bokes of holy ƒcripture vƒed. And mo°eouer,
whereas ƒ. Paule would haue ƒuche language ƒpoken to the people in the
churche, as they mighte vnder¥ande and haue p°ofite by hearyng the ƒame;
the ƒeruice in this Churche of England (theƒe many yeares) hath been read in
Latin to the people, whiche they vnder¥oode not; ƒo that they haue heard with
they° eares onely; & their hartes, ƒpirite, and minde, haue not been edified
thereby. And furthermo°e, notwith¥andyng that the auncient fathers had
deuided the pƒalmes into ƒeuen po°cions, wherof euery one was called a
nocturne, now of late tyme a fewe of them haue been dailye ƒayed (and ofte
repeated) and the re¥ vtterly omitted. Mo°eouer the nomb°e & hardnes of the
rules called the pie, and the manifolde chaunginges of the ƒeruice, was the
cauƒe, yt to turne the boke onlye, was ƒo hard and intricate a matter, that
many times, there was mo°e buƒines to fynd out what ƒhould be read, then to
read it when it was faunde out.
Theƒe inconueniences therfo°e conƒidered: here is ƒet furth ƒuche an o°dre,
whereby the ƒame ƒhalbe redre±ed. And fo° a readines in this matter, here is
d°awen out a Kalendar fo° that purpoƒe, whiche is plaine and eaƒy to be
vnder¥anded, wherin (ƒo muche as maie be) the readyng of holy ƒcripture is
ƒo ƒet furthe, that all thynges ƒhall bee doen in o°dre, without breakyng one
piece therof from another. Fo° this cauƒe be cut of Anthemes, Reƒpondes,
Inuitato°ies, and ƒuche like thynges, as did b°eake the continuall courƒe of the 
THE PREFACE.
readyng of the ƒcripture. Yet becauƒe there is no remedy, but that of nece±itie
there mu¥ be ƒome rules: therfo°e certein rules are here ƒet furth, whiche as
they be fewe in nomb°e; ƒo they be plain and eaƒy to be vnder¥anded. So yt
here you haue an o°dre fo° p°aier (as touchyng the readyng of holy ƒcripture)
muche agreable to the mynde & purpoƒe of the olde fathers, and a greate deale
mo°e p°ofitable and commodious, then that whiche of late was vƒed. It is
mo°e p°ofitable, becauƒe here are left out many thynges, whereof ƒome be
vntrue, ƒome vncertein, ƒome vain and ƒuper¥icious: and is o°deyned nothyng
to be read, but the very pure wo°de of God, the holy ƒcriptures, o° that whiche
is euidently grounded vpon theƒame; and that in ƒuche a language & o°dre, as
is mo¥e eaƒy & plain fo° the vnder¥andyng, bothe of the readers and hearers.
It is alƒo mo°e commodious, bothe fo° the ƒho°tnes thereof, & fo° the plaines of
the o°dre, & fo° that the rules be fewe & eaƒy. Furthermo°e by this o°dre, the
curates ƒhal nede none other bookes fo° their publique ƒeruice, but this boke
and the Bible: by the meanes wherof, the people ƒhall not be at ƒo great charge
fo° bookes, as in tyme pa¥ they haue been.
And where heretofo°e, there hath been great diuerƒitie in ƒaying and
ƒynging in churches within this realme: ƒome folowyng Salƒbury vƒe, ƒome
Herfo°d vƒe, ƒame the vƒe of Bango°, ƒome of Yo°ke, & ƒome of Lincolne:
Now from hencefurth, all the whole realme ƒhall haue but one vƒe. And if
any would iudge this waye mo°e painfull, becauƒe that all thynges mu¥ be
read vpon the boke, where as befo°e, by the reaƒon of ƒo often repeticion, they
could ƒaye many thinges by heart: if thoƒe men will waye their labo°, with
the p°ofite in knowlege, whiche dayely they ƒhal obtein by readyng vpon the
boke, they will not refuƒe the payn, in conƒideracion of the greate p°ofite that
ƒhall enƒue therof.
And fo°ƒomuche as nothyng can, almo¥e, be ƒo plainly ƒet furth, but
doubtes maie riƒe in the vƒe and p°actiƒyng of the ƒame: to appeaƒe all ƒuche
diuerƒitie (if any ariƒe), and fo° the reƒolucion of all doubtes, concernyng the
maner how to vnder¥ande, do, and execute the thynges conteygned in this
booke: the parties that ƒo doubt, o° diuerƒly take any thyng, ƒhall alwaye
reƒo°te to the Biƒhop of the Dioceƒe, who by his diƒcrecion ƒhall take o°d°e fo°
the quietyng and appeaƒyng of the ƒame: ƒo that the ƒame o°d°e be not
contrary to any thyng conteigned in this boke.
Though it be appointed in the afo°e written p°eface, that al thinges ƒhalbe
read and ƒong in the churche, in the Engliƒhe tongue, to thende yt the
congregacion maie be therby edified: yet it is not meant, but when men
ƒaye Matins and Euenƒong p°iuatelye, they maye ƒaie the ƒame in any
language that they themƒelues do vnder¥ande. Neither that anye man
ƒhalbe bound to the ƒaying of them, but ƒuche as from tyme to tyme, in
Cathed°all and Collegiate Churches, Pariƒhe Churches, and Chapelles to
the ƒame annexed, ƒhall ƒerue the congregacion. 
AN ORDRE
fo° Mattyns dayly th°ough
the yere.
The P°ie¥ beeyng in the quier, ƒhall
begynne with a loude voyce the Lo°des
p°ayer, called the Pater noſter.
URE father, whiche arte in heauen,
hallowed by thy name. Thy kyngdom
come. Thy wyll be done in earth as it
is in heauen. Geue us this daye oure
dayly b°ead. And fo°geue vs oure treƒ-
pa±es, as we fo°geue them that treƒ-
pa±e agayn¥ vs. And leade vs not into
temptacion. But deliuer vs from euell. Amen.
Then lykewyƒe he ƒhall ƒaye,
O Lo°de, open thou my lippes.
Aunƒwere.
And my mouthe ƒhall ƒhewe fo°th thy p°ayse.
Prie¥.
O God, make ƒpede to ƒaue me.
Aunƒwere.
O Lo°de make ha¥e to helpe me.
Prie¥.
Glory be to the father, and to the ƒonne, and to the holye
gho¥. As it was in the begynning, is now, and euer ƒhalbe
wo°ld without ende. Amen.
 Prayƒe ye the Lo°de.
And from Ea¥er to Trinitie Sondaye,
 Alleluya.
Then ƒhalbe ƒaied o° ƒong without any Inuitato°i this
Pƒalme, Venite exultemus, &c. in Engliƒhe, as foloweth:
Come lette us ƒyng vnto the Lo°de : lette vs
hartely reioyce in the ¥rengthe of oure ƒaluacion.
Pſal. xcv. 
Mattins.
Let vs come befo°e his p°eƒence with thankeƒgeuing: and
ƒhewe oure ƒelfe glad in hym with Pƒalmes.
 Fo° the Lo°d is a great God: and a great kyng aboue all
goddes.
 In his hande are all the co°ners of the yearth: and the
¥rength of the hylles is his alƒo.
 The ƒea is his, and he made it: and his handes p°epared
the d°ye lande.
 O come, let vs wo°ƒhip and fall downe: and kneele be-fo°e
the Lo°de oure maker.
 Fo° he is (the Lo°d) oure God: and we are the people of
his pa¥ure, and the ƒhepe of his handes.
 To daye, yf ye wyll heare his voyce, harden not your
hartes: as in the p°ouocacion, and as in the daie of temptacion
in the wildernes.
 When your fathers tempted me: p°oued me, and ƒawe
my wo°kes.
 Fourtye yeares long was I greued with this generacion,
and ƒayed: it is a people that do erre in their hartes: Fo°
they haue not knowen my wayes.
 Unto whom I ƒware in my w°ath: that they ƒhoulde not
entre into my re¥.
 Glo°y be to the father, and to the ƒonne: and to the holy
gho¥. As it was in the beginnyng, is nowe, and euer ƒhalbe:
wo°lde without end. Amen.
¶ Th¯en ƒhal folow certaine Pƒalmes in o°d°e as they been appointed
in a table made fo° y purpoƒe, except there be p°op°e Pƒalmes appointed
fo° that day. And at the ende of euery Pƒalme th°oughout the
yeare, and lykewyƒe in the ende of Benedictus, Benedicite, Magnificat, and
Nunc Dimittis ƒhalbe repeated.
Glory be to the father and to the ƒonne, &c.
¶ Then shalbe read .ii. le±ons di¥inctely with a loude voice, that the
people maye heare. The fy°ƒt of the olde te¥ament, the ƒecond of the
newe. Like as they be appoynted by the Kalender, excepte there be
p°op°e le±ons a±igned for that daye : The mini¥re that readeth the
le±on, ¥anding and turnyng hym ƒo as he maye be¥e be hearde of all
ƒuche as be p°eƒent. And befo°e euery le±on, the mini¥er ƒhall ƒaye
thus.
Matins.
The fy°¥e, ƒeconde, .iii. o° .iiii. Chapter of Geneſis, o° Exodus,
Matthewe, Marke, o° other lyke as is appoynted in the Kalender.
And in the ende of euery Chapter, he ƒhall ƒaye.
¶ Here endeth ƒuche a Chapter of ƒuche a booke.
¶ And (to thende the people may the better heare) in ƒuch places
where they doe ƒyng, there ƒhall the le±ons be ƒonge in a playne tune
after the maner of di¥incte readyng: and lykewyƒe the Epi¥le and
Goƒpell.
¶ After the fy°¥e le±on ƒhall folowe Te deum laudamus in Engliƒhe,
dayly th°oughout the yeare, excepte in Lente, all the whiche tyme in
the place of Te deum ƒhalbe vƒed Benedicite omnia opera Domini Domino, in
Englyƒhe as foloweth:
Te deum laudamus
E praiƒe the, O God, we knowlage thee
to be the Lo°de.
All the earth doeth wurƒhip thee, the
father euerla¥yng.
To thee al Angels cry aloud, the
heauens and all the powers therin.
To thee Cherubin, and Seraphin
continually doe crye.
Holy, holy, holy, Lo°de God of Sabaoth.
Heauen and earth are replenyƒhed with the maie¥ie of
thy glory,
The glo°yous company of the Apo¥les, p°aiƒe thee.
The goodly felowƒhyp of the P°ophetes, p°aiƒe thee.
The noble armie of Marty°s, p°aiƒe thee.
The holy churche th°oughout all the wo°lde doeth knowlage
thee.
The father of an infinite maie¥ie.
Thy honourable, true, and onely ƒonne.
The holy go¥ alƒo beeyng the coumfo°ter.
Thou art the kyng of glo°y, O Ch°i¥e.
Thou art the euerla¥yng ƒonne of the father.
Whan thou tooke¥ vpon thee to delyuer manne, thou
dydde¥ not abhorre the virgins wombe.
Mattyns.
Whan thou hadde¥ ouercomed the ƒharpene±e of death,
thou didde¥ open the kyngdome of heauen to all beleuers.
Thou ƒitte¥ on the ryghthande of God, in the glo°y of the
father.
 We beleue that thou ƒhalt come to be our judge.
 We therfore p°aye thee, helpe thy ƒeruauntes, whom thou
ha¥e redemed with thy p°ecious bloud.
Make them to be noumb°ed with thy ƒainctes, in glory
euerla¥yng.
 O Lo°de, ƒaue thy people: and ble±e thyne heritage.
 Gouerne them, and lift them vp fo° euer.
 Day by day we magnifie thee.
 And we wurƒhip thy name euer wo°ld without ende.
 Vouchƒafe, O Lo°de, to kepe vs this daye without ƒynne.
 O Lo°de, haue mercy vpon vs : haue mercy vpon vs.
O Lo°de, let thy mercy lighten vpon vs : as our tru¥ is
in thee.
O Lo°de, in thee haue I tru¥ed : let me neuer be confounded.

Benedicite omnia opera domini domino.
All ye wo°kes of the Lo°de, ƒpeake good of the
Lo°de : p°ayƒe hym, and ƒet hym vp fo° euer.
O ye Angels of the Lo°de, ƒpeake good of the
Lo°de : p°ayƒe hym, and ƒet hym vp fo° euer.
O ye heauens, ƒpeake good of the Lo°de: p°ayƒe hym, and
ƒet him vp fo° euer.
O ye waters that be aboue the fy°mamente, ƒpeake good
of the Lo°de : p°ayƒe hym, and ƒet hym vp fo° euer.
O all ye powers of the Lo°d, ƒpeake good of the Lo°d :
p°ayƒe hym, and ƒet hym vp fo° euer.
 O ye Sonne and Moone, ƒpeake good of the Lo°de : p°ayƒe
him, and ƒet him vp fo° euer.
O ye ¥erres of heauen, ƒpeake good of the lo°de : p°ayƒe
him, and ƒet him vp fo° euer.
Mattins.
 O ye ƒhowers, and dewe, ƒpeake good of the lo°d : p°aiƒe
him, and ƒet him vp fo° euer.
 O ye windes of God, ƒpeake good of the Lo°d : p°aiƒe him,
and ƒet him vp fo° euer.
 O ye fier and heate, p°ayƒe ye the Lo°de : p°aiƒe him, and
ƒet him vp fo° euer.
 O ye winter and ƒummer, ƒpeake good of the Lo°de :
p°aiƒe him and ƒet him vp fo° euer.
 O ye dewes and fro¥es, ƒpeake good of the Lo°d : p°aiƒe
him, and ƒet him vp fo° euer.
 O ye fro¥ and colde, ƒpeake good of the Lo°de : p°ayƒe
him, and ƒet him vp fo° euer.
 O ye yƒe and ƒnowe ƒpeake good of the Lo°de : p°ayƒe him,
and ƒet him vp fo° euer.
 O ye nyghtes and dayes, ƒpeake good of the Lo°de :
p°ayƒe him, and ƒet him vp fo° euer.
 O ye light and darkenes, ƒpeake good of the Lo°de : p°ayƒe
him, and ƒet him vp fo° euer.
 O ye lighteninges & cloudes, ƒpeake good of the Lo°d :
p°ayƒe him, and ƒet him vp fo° euer.
 O let the yearthe ƒpeake good of the Lo°d : yea, let it
p°ayƒe him, and ƒet him vp fo° euer.
 O ye mountaynes and hilles, ƒpeake good of the Lo°d :
p°ayƒe him, and ƒet him vp fo° euer.
 O al ye greene thynges vpon the earth, ƒpeake good of the
Lo°de : p°aiƒe him, and ƒet him vp fo° euer.
 O ye welles, ƒpeake good of the Lo°de : p°aiƒe him, and ƒet
him vp fo° euer.
 O ye ƒeas, and floudes; ƒpeake good of the Lo°d : p°aiƒe
him, and ƒet him vp fo° euer.
 O ye whales, and all that moue in the waters, ƒpeake
good of the Lo°de : p°ayƒe hym, and ƒet hym vp fo° euer.
 O all ye foules of the ay°e, ƒpeake good of the lo°de :
p°ayƒe him, and ƒet him vp fo° euer.
 O all ye bea¥es, and catell, ƒpeake ye good of the Lo°d :
p°ayƒe him, and ƒet him vp fo° euer. 
Mattins.
O ye child°en of men, ƒpeake good of the lo°de : p°ayƒe
him, and ƒet him vp fo° euer.
O let Iƒrael ƒpeake good of the lo°de : p°ayƒe him, and ƒet
him vp fo° euer.
O ye p°ie¥es of the Lo°d, ƒpeake good of the Lo°de :
p°ayƒe him, and ƒet him vp fo° euer.
O ye ƒeruauntes of the Lo°d, ƒpeake good of the Lo°d :
p°ayƒe him, and ƒet him vp fo° euer.
O ye ƒpirites and ƒoules of the righteous, ƒpeake good of
the Lo°de : p°ayƒe him, and ƒet him vp fo° euer.
O ye holy and humble men of heart, ƒpeake ye good of the
Lo°de : p°ayƒe ye him, and ƒet him vp fo° euer.
O Ananias, Aƒarias, and Miƒael, ƒpeake ye good of the
Lo°de : p°ayƒe ye him, and ƒet him vp fo° euer.
Glo°y be to the father, and to the ƒonne: and to the
holy go¥.
As it was in the beginning, is now, and euer ƒhalbe :
wo°lde without ende. Amen.
¶ And after the ƒeconde le±on, th°oughout the whole yere, ƒhalbe vƒed
Benedictus dominus deus Iſrael, &c. in Engliƒhe as followeth:
Le±ed be the lo°de God of Iƒrael : fo° he hath
viƒited and redemed his people. Benedictus
Luc. i
And hath lyfted vp an home of ƒaluacyon to
vs : in the houƒe of his ƒeruaunt Dauid.
As he ƒpake by the mouth of his holy P°ophetes :
which hath bene ƒyns the wo°ld began.
That we ƒhoulde be ƒaued from our enemies : and
from the handes of all that hate vs.
To perfourme the mercy p°omiƒed to our fathers :
and to remember his holy couenaunt.
To perfourme the othe whiche he ƒware to our father
Abraham : that he would geue vs.
That we being deliuered out of the handes of our
enemies might ƒerue him without feare,
In holyne±e and ryghteouƒnes befo°e him all the
dayes of our lyfe. 
Matins.
And thou childe, ƒhalte bee called the p°ophete of the
highe¥: fo° thou ƒhalte goe hefo°e the face of the Lo°d, to
p°epare his wayes.
 To geue knowledge of ƒaluacion vnto his people : fo° the
remi±ion of their ƒinnes.
 Through the tender mercie of our god : whereby the
daye ƒp°yng from an hygh hath viƒited vs;
 To geue lighte to them that ƒitte in darkenes, and in the
ƒhadowe of death : and to guide our fete into the way of
peace.
 Glory be to the father, &c.
 As it was in the beginnyng, &c.
Then ƒhalbe ƒaid dailye th°ough the yere the p°aiers folowing,
aƒwell at euenƒong as at Matins, all deuoutely kneelyng.
 Lo°de haue mercie vpon vs. Ch°i¥e haue mercie vpon vs.
Lo°de, haue mercie vpon vs.
Then the mini¥er ƒhal ƒay the Crede and the Lo°des p°aier in
engliƒhe, with a loude voice, &c.
Anƒwere.
 But deliuer vs from eiuill. Amen.
P°ie¥.
 O Lorde, ƒhewe thy mercie vpon vs.
Anƒwere.
 And graunt vs thy ƒaluacion.
P°ie¥e.
 O Lo°de ƒaue the kyng.
Anƒwere.
 And mercifully heare vs when we cal vpon thee.
P°ie¥e.
 Indue thy mini¥ers with righteouƒnes.
Anƒwere.
 And make thy choƒen people ioyfull.
P°ie¥e.
 O lo°de, ƒaue thy people.
Anƒwere.
 And ble±e thyne inheritaunce.
P°ie¥e.
 Geue peace in oure time, O Lo°de. 
Matins.
Anƒwere.
Becauƒe there is none other that fyghteth for vs, but
only thou, O God.
P°ie¥e.
O God, make cleane our hartes within vs.
Anƒwere.
And take not thyne holye ƒpirite from vs.
P°ie¥e.
The lo°de be with you.
Anƒwere.
And with thy ƒpirite.
Then ƒhall dayly folowe th°ee Collectes. The fir¥e of the day, which
ƒhalbe the ƒame that is appointed at the Communion. The ƒeconde fo°
peace. The thirde fo° grace to lyue wel. And the two la¥e Collectes
ƒhall neuer alter, but dailye bee ƒaide at Matins th°oughout at the yere
as foloweth. The prie¥ ¥andyng vp, and ƒaiyng,
Let vs praye.
¶ Then the Collect of the daie.
¶ The ƒecond Collect: for peace.
God, which art autho° of peace, and louer of concorde,
in knowledge of whome ¥andeth oure eternall
life, whoƒe ƒeruice is perfect fredome: defende
vs, thy humble ƒeruauntes, in al a±aultes of our enemies,
that wee ƒurely tru¥yng in thy defence, maye not feare the
power of any aduerƒaries: through the myght of Jeƒu
Chri¥ our lo°de. Amen.
The thyrde Collecte: for grace.
Lo°de oure heauenly father, almightye and
euerliuyng God, whiche ha¥e ƒafelye b°ought
vs to the beginning of this day: defend vs in
the ƒame with thy mighty power; and graunt
that this daye wee fall into no ƒynne, neyther
runne into any kinde of daunger, but that al our doinges
may be o°dered by thy gouernaunce, to do alwaies that is
righteous in thy ƒight: th°ough Jeƒus Ch°i¥e our lo°de.
Amen.
 AN ORDRE
Fo° Euenƒong th°oughout
the yeare.
The p°ie¥e ƒhall ƒaye.
 OVRE FATHER .&c.
Then likewiƒe he ƒhall ƒaye.
O God, make ƒpede to ƒaue me.
 Anƒwere.
O Lo°de, make ha¥e to helpe me.
 P°ie¥e.
Glo°ye be to the father, and to the ƒonne : and to the holy
gho¥. As it was in the beginning, is now: and euer ƒhall be,
wo°lde without ende. Amen. Prayƒe ye the lorde.
And from Ea¥er to Trinitie ƒonday.
Alleluya.
As befo°e is appointed at Matins.
Then Pƒalmes in o°d°e as they bee appointed in the Table fo°
Pƒalmes, except there be p°oper pƒalmes appointed fo° that daye.
Then a le±on of the olde te¥amente, as is appointed likewiƒe in the
kalender, except there be p°oper le±ons appointed fo° that daye.
After that, (Magnificat anima mea dominum) in Engliƒhe, as foloweth.
Y ƒoule doth magnifie the lo°de.
And my ƒpirite hath reioyced in God my
ƒauioure.
Magnificat
Luc. i.
Fo° he hathe regarded the loweline±e of hys handemaiden.

Fo° beholde from hencefo°th all generacions ƒhal cal me
ble±ed.
Fo° he that is mightye hath magnified me, and holy is
his name.
And his mercie is on them that feare him throughoute
al generacions. 
Euenƒong.
He hath ƒhewed ¥rength with his arme, he hath ƒcatered
the p°oude in the imaginacion of their hartes.
He hath put down the mightie from their ƒeate : and
hath exalted the humble and meeke.
He hathe filled the hungrye, with good thynges: and the
riche he hath ƒente awaye emptye.
He remembring his mercie, hath holpen his ƒeruaunt
Iƒrael : as he p°omiƒed to oure fathers, Ab°aham and his
ƒeede fo° euer.
Glory be to the father and to the ƒonne and to the holy
go¥.
As it was in the beginning, & is now, and euer ƒhall be
worlde without ende. Amen.
Then a le±on of the newe te¥amente. And after that (Nunc
dimittis ƒeruum tuum) in Engliƒhe as foloweth.
Orde, nowe lette¥ thou thy ƒeruaunte departe in
peace : acco°dyng to thy woo°de.
Nunc Dimittis.
Luc. ii.
Fo° myne iyes haue ƒene thy ƒaluacion.
Whiche thou ha¥e p°epared, before the face of all thy
people;
To be a lyght fo° to lighten the Gentiles : and to bee the
glo°ye of thy people of Iƒrael.
Glo°ye be to the father, &c.
As it was in the beginnyng, &c.
Then the ƒuffrages befo°e a±igned at Matins, the clerkes
kneelyng likewiƒe, with th°ee Collectes. Fy°¥ of the daye:
Seconde of peace: Thirde fo° ayde agayn¥e all perilles, as here
foloweth. Whiche .ii. la¥e collectes ƒhall bee daylye ƒaide at
Euenƒong without alteracion.
The ƒeconde Collecte at Euenƒong.
God from whom all holy deƒy°es, all good coun-
ƒayles, and all iu¥e wo°kes do p°ocede: Geue
vnto thy ƒeruauntes that peace, which the wo°ld
cannot geue, that both our hartes maye be ƒette to obey thy 
Euenƒong.
commaundementes, and alƒo that by thee, we being defended
from the feare of oure enemies, may pa±e oure time in re¥
and quietne±e; th°oughe the merites of Jeƒu Ch°i¥e our
ƒauiour. Amen.
The thirde Collect for ayde agayn¥e all perils.
Yghten our darkenes we beƒeche thee, O lo°d, & by
thy great mercy defende vs from all perilles and
daungers of thys nyght, fo° the loue of thy onely
ƒonne, our ƒauiour Jeƒu Ch°i¥. Amen.
¶ In the fea¥es of Chrimas, Thepiphanie, Eaer, Thaſcencion, Penteco, and vpon
Trinitie Sonday, ƒhalbe ƒong o° ƒayd immediatly after Benedictus,
this confe±ion of our ch°i¥ian fayth.
Hoƒoeuer will be ƒaued : befo°e all thinges it is
nece±arye that he holde the Catholyke fayth.
Quicunque
vult, &c.
Whiche fayth except euery one dooe kepe holy
and vndefyled : without doubt he ƒhal periƒhe
euerla¥ingly.
And the Catholike faith is this : that we wurƒhip one
God in Trinitie, and Trinitie in vnitie.
Neyther confounding the perƒones : nor deuidyng the
ƒub¥aunce.
Fo° there is one perƒone of the father, another of the
ƒonne: and an other of the holy go¥.
But the godhead of the father, of the ƒonne, and of the
holy Go¥e, is all one : the glo°ye equall, the maie¥ie coeternall.

Such as the father is, ƒuche is the ƒonne, and ƒuche is the
holy go¥.
The father vncreate, the ƒonne vncreate : and the holy
go¥ vncreate.
The father incomp°ehenƒible, the ƒonne incomp°ehenƒible
and the holy go¥ incomp°ehenƒible. 
Euenƒong.
 The father eternall, the ƒonne eternall : and the holy go¥
eternall.
And yet they are not th°ee eternalles : but one eternall.
As alƒo there be not th°ee incomp°ehenƒibles, nor th°ee
vncreated : but one vncreated, and one incomp°ehenƒible.
 So lykewyƒe, the father is almyghtie : the ƒonne almightie,
and the holy go¥ almightie.
 And yet are they not three almyghtyes : but one almightie.

 So the father is God, the ƒonne God: and the holye go¥
God.
 And yet are they not th°ee Goddes : but one God.
 So lykewiƒe the father is Lo°d, the ƒonne Lo°d : and the
holy go¥ Lo°de.
 And yet not th°ee Lo°des : but one Lo°de.
 Fo° like as we be compelled by the ch°i¥ian veritie : to
acknowlege euery perƒone by hymƒelfe to be god & lo°d:
 So are we fo°bidden by the Catholike religion : to ƒay
there be th°ee goddes, o° th°ee lo°des.
 The father is made of none : neyther created no° begotten.

 The ƒonne is of the father alone : not made no° created,
but begotten.
 The holy go¥ is of the father and of the ƒonne : neyther
made no° created, no° begotten, but p°oceding.
 So there is one father, not th°ee fathers; one ƒonne, not
th°ee ƒonnes : one holy go¥, not th°ee holy go¥es.
 And in thys trinitie none is afo°e no° after other : none
greater no° le±e then other.
 But the whole th°ee perƒones : be coeternall together and
coequall.
 So that in all thinges, as it is afo°eƒayd : the vnitie in
trinitie, and the trinitie in vnitie is to be wurƒhipped.
 He therefo°e that will bee ƒaued : mu¥ thus thinke of the
trinitie. 
Euenƒong.
 Furthermo°e, it is nece±ary to euerla¥ing ƒaluacion :
that he alƒo beleue ryghtly in the incarnacion of oure Lo°de
Jeƒu Ch°i¥e.
 For the ryght fayth is that we beleue and confe±e : that
our Lo°de Jeƒus Ch°i¥e the ƒonne of God, is God and man;
 God of the ƒub¥aunce of the father, begotten befo°e the
wo°ldes : and man of the ƒub¥aunce of his mother, bo°ne in
the wo°lde.
 Perfecte God, and perfecte man : of a reƒonable ƒoule,
and humayne fleƒhe ƒubƒi¥ing.
 Equall to the father as touchyng his Godhead: and
inferio° to the father touchyng his manhoode.
 Who although he be God and man: yet he is not two, but
one Ch°i¥e.
 One, not by conuerƒion of the Godhead into fleƒh : but by
takyng of the manhoode into God;
 One altogether, not by confuƒion of ƒub¥aunce: but by
vnitie of perƒon.
 For as the reaƒonable ƒoule and fleƒhe is one man: So
God and man is one Ch°i¥e.
 Who ƒuffered for oure ƒaluacion : deƒcended into hell,
roƒe agayne the third daye from the dead.
 He aƒcended into heauen, he ƒytteth on the right hand of
the father, God almighty : from whence he ƒhall come to
iudge the quicke and dead.
 At whoƒe commyng all men ƒhall ryƒe agayne with they°
bodyes: and ƒhall geue accompt of they° owne wo°kes.
 And they that haue done good, ƒhall goe into life euerla¥yng
: and they that haue done euyll, into euerla¥yng
fyre.
 This is the Catholyke fayth : whiche excepte a man
beleue faythfully, he cannot be ƒaued.
 Glory be to the father, and to the ƒonne, &c.
 As it was in the begynnyng, &c. 
 THVS ENdeth
the ord°e of Matyns and
Euenƒong, through
the whole yere.
(..
.) 
 THE SVPPER
of the Lo°de, and the holy Comunion,
commonly called
the Ma±e.
O many as intende to bee partakers of the holy
Communion, ƒhall ƒygnifie their names to the Curate,
ouer night: o° els in the mo°ning, afo°e the beginning of
Matins, o° immediatly after.
And if any of thoƒe be an open and noto°ious euill
liuer, ƒo that the congregacion by hym is offended, o° haue doen any
w°ong to his neighbours, by wo°de, o° dede: The Curate ƒhall call
hym, & aduertiƒe hym, in any wiƒe not to p°eƒume to the lo°des table,
vntill he haue openly declared hymƒelfe, to haue truly repented, and
amended his fo°mer naughtie life: that the congregacion maie thereby
be ƒatiƒfied, whiche afo°e were offended: and that he haue recompenƒed
the parties, whom he hath dooen wrong vnto, o° at the lea¥ bee in full
purpoƒe ƒo to doo, as ƒone as he conueniently maie.
 The ƒame o°d°e ƒhall the Curate vƒe, with thoƒe betwixt whom he
perceiueth malice, and hatred to reigne, not ƒuffering them to bee
partakers of the Lo°des table, vntill he knowe them to bee reconciled.
And yf one of the parties ƒo at variaunce, be content to fo°geue from
the botome of his harte all that the other hath treƒpaced again¥ hym,
and to make amendes fo° that he hymƒelf hath offended: and the other
partie will not bee perƒwaded to a godly vnitie, but remaigne ¥ill in
his frowardues and malice: The Mini¥er in that caƒe, ought to
admit the penitent perƒone to the holy Communion, and not hym that
is ob¥inate.
 Upon the date, and at the tyme appoincted fo° the mini¥racion of
the holy Communion, the P°ie¥ that ƒhal execute the holy mini¥ery,
ƒhall put vpon hym the ve¥ure appoincted fo° that mini¥racion, that
is to ƒaye: a white Albe plain, with a ve¥ement o° Cope. And where
there be many P°ie¥es, o° Decons, there ƒo many ƒhalbe ready to
helpe the P°ie¥, in the mini¥racion, as ƒhalbee requiƒite: And ƒhall
haue vpon them lykewiƒe, the ve¥ures appointed fo° their mini¥ery,
that is to ƒaye, Albes with tunacles. Then ƒhall the Clerkes ƒyng in
Engliƒhe fo° the office, o° Introite, (as they call it) a Pƒalme appointed
fo° that daie. 
The Prie¥ ¥anding humbly afo°e the middes of the Altar, ƒhall
ƒaie the Lo°des p°aier, with this Collect.
Lmightie GOD, vnto whom all hartes bee
open, and all deƒy°es knowen, and from
whom no ƒecretes are hid: clenƒe the
thoughtes of our hartes, by the inƒpiracion
of thy holy ƒpirite: that we may perfectly
loue thee, and wo°thely magnifie thy holy name: Th°ough
Ch°i¥ our Lo°de. Amen.
Then ƒhall he ƒaie a Pƒalme appointed fo° the introite: whiche
Pƒalme ended the P°ie¥ ƒhall ƒaye, o° els the Clerkes ƒhal ƒyng,
iii. Lo°de haue mercie vpon vs.
iii. Ch°i¥ haue mercie vpon vs.
iii. Lo°de haue mercie vpon vs.
Then the Prie¥e ¥andyng at Goddes bo°de ƒhall begin,
Glo°y be to God on high.
The Clerkes.
And in yearth peace, good will towardes men.
We p°aiƒe thee, we ble±e thee, we wo°ƒhip thee, we glo°ifie
thee, wee geue thankes to thee fo° thy greate glo°y, O Lo°de
GOD, heauenly kyng, God the father almightie.
O Lo°de the onely begotten ƒonne Jeƒu Ch°i¥e, O Lo°de
God, Lambe of GOD, ƒonne of the father, that take¥
awaye the ƒynnes of the wo°lde, haue mercie vpon vs: thou
that take¥ awaye the ƒynnes of the wo°lde, receiue our
p°aier.
Thou that ƒitte¥ at the right hande of GOD the father,
haue mercie vpon vs: Fo° thou onely art holy, thou onely
art the Lo°de. Thou onely (O Ch°i¥) with the holy
Gho¥e, are mo¥e high in the glo°y of God the father.
Amen. 
The Communion.
Then the p°ie¥ ƒhall turne him to the people and ƒaye,
The Lo°de be with you.
The Aunƒwere.
And with thy ƒpirite.
The P°ie¥.
Let vs p°aie.
Then ƒhall folowe the Collect of the daie, with one of theƒe two Collectes
folowynge, fo° the kyng.
Lmightie God, whoƒe kingdom is
euerla¥ing, and power infinite, haue
mercie vpon the whole congregacion,
and ƒo rule the heart of thy choƒen ƒeruaunt
Edward the ƒixt, our kyng and
gouernour: that he (knowyng whoƒe
mini¥er he is) maie aboue al thinges,
ƒeke thy honour and glo°y, & that we his ƒubiectes (duely
conƒydering whoƒe aucto°itie he hath) maye faithfully
ƒerue, honour, and humbly obeye him, in thee, and fo° thee,
acco°ding to thy ble±ed wo°d and o°dinaunce: Th°ough
Jeƒus Ch°i¥e oure Lo°de, who with thee, and the holy
gho¥e, liueth and reigneth, euer one God, wo°lde without
ende. Amen.
Lmightie and euerla¥ing GOD, wee bee
taught by thy holy wo°de, that the heartes of
Kynges are in thy rule and gouernaunce,
and that thou doe¥ diƒpoƒe, and turne them as
it ƒemeth be¥ to thy godly wiƒedom: We
humbly beƒeche thee, ƒo to diƒpoƒe and gouerne, the heart of
Edward the ƒixt, thy ƒeruaunt, our Kyng and gouernour,
that in all his thoughtes, wo°des, and wo°kes, he maye euer
ƒeke thy honour and glo°y, and ¥udy to p°eƒerue thy people,
committed to his charge, in wealth, peace, and Godlynes:
Graunt this, O mercifull father, fo° thy dere ƒonnes ƒake,
Jeƒus Ch°i¥ our Lo°de. Amen. 
The Collectes ended, the p°ie¥, o° he that is appointed, ƒhall reade
the Epi¥le, in a place a±igned fo° the purpoƒe, ƒaying,
The Epi¥le of ƒainct Paule, written in the Chapiter
of to the.
The Mini¥er then ƒhall reade thepi¥le. Immediatly after the
Epi¥le ended, the p°ie¥, o° one appointed to reade the Goƒpel, ƒhall
ƒaie,
The holy Goƒpell, written in the Chapiter of.
The Clearkes and people ƒhall aunƒwere,
Glo°y be to thee, O Lo°de.
The p°ie¥ o° deacon then ƒhall reade the Goƒpel: after the Goƒpell
ended, the p°ie¥ ƒhall begin,
I beleue in one God.
The clerkes ƒhall ƒyng the re¥.
The father almightie, maker of heauen and yearth, and
of all thinges viƒible, and inuiƒible: And in one Lo°de Jeƒu
Ch°i¥, the onely begotten ƒonne of G O D , begotten of his
father befo°e all wo°ldes, God of G O D , light of light,
very God of very God, begotten, not made, beeyng of one
ƒub¥aunce with the father, by whom all thinges were made,
who fo° vs men, and fo° our ƒaluacion, came doune from
heauen, and was incarnate by the holy Gho¥e, of the
Virgin Mary, and was made manne, and was Crucified
alƒo fo° vs vnder Poncius Pilate, he ƒuffered and was
buried, and the thirde daye he aroƒe again acco°ding to the
ƒcriptures, and aƒcended into heauen, and ƒitteth at the right
hande of the father: and he ƒhall come again with glo°y, to
iudge both the quicke and the dead.
And I beleue in the holy gho¥, the Lo°de and geuer of
life, who p°ocedeth from the father and the ƒonne, who with
the father and the ƒonne together, is wo°ƒhipped and glo°ified,
who ƒpake by the P°ophetes. And I beleue one Catholike and
Apo¥olike Churche. I acknowlege one Baptiƒme, fo° the 
The Communion.
remi±ion of ƒynnes. And I loke fo° the reƒurreccion of the
deade: and the lyfe of the wo°lde to come. Amen.
After the Crede ended, ƒhall folowe the Sermon o° Homely, o° ƒome po°tion
of one of the Homelyes, as thei ƒhalbe herafter deuided: wherein if the
people bee not exho°ted, to the wo°thy receiuyng of the holy Sacrament of
the bodye & bloude of our ƒauio° Ch°i¥: then ƒhal the Curate geue this
exho°tacion, to thoƒe yt be minded to receiue ye ƒame.
Erely beloued in the Lo°d, ye that mynde to
come to the holy Communion of the bodye
and bloude of our ƒauio° Ch°i¥e, mu¥ con-
ƒid°e what S. Paule w°iteth to the Co°inthians,
how he exho°teth all perƒones diligently
to trie & examine themƒelues, befo°e they p°eƒume to
eate of that b°eade, and d°inke of that cup: fo° as the benefite
is great, if with a truly penitent heart, & liuely faith, we
receiue that holy Sacrament; (fo° then we ƒpiritually eate
the fleƒhe of Ch°i¥, & d°inke his bloude, then we dwell in
Ch°i¥ & Ch°i¥ in vs, wee bee made one with Ch°i¥, and
Ch°i¥ with vs) ƒo is the daunger great, yf wee receyue the
ƒame vnwo°thely; fo° then wee become gyltie of the body
and bloud of Ch°i¥ our ƒauio°, we eate and d°inke our owne
damnacion, not conƒidering the Lo°des bodye. We kyndle
Gods w°athe ouer vs, we p°ouoke him to plague vs with
diuerƒe dyƒeaƒes, and ƒondery kyndes of death. Therefo°e if
any here be a blaƒphemer, aduouterer, o° bee in malyce, o°
enuie, o° in any other greuous cryme (excepte he bee truly
ƒo°y therefo°e, and earne¥ly mynded to leaue the ƒame
vices, and do tru¥ him ƒelfe to be reconciled to almightie
God, and in Charitie with all the wo°lde), lette him
bewayle his ƒynnes, and not come to that holy table; le¥
after the taking of that mo¥ ble±ed b°eade: the deuyll enter
into him, as he dyd into Judas, to fyll him full of all
iniquitie, and b°ynge him to de¥ruccion, bothe of body and
ƒoule. Judge therfo°e yourƒelfes (b°eth°en) that ye bee not
iudged of the lo°de. Let your mynde be without deƒire to
ƒynne, repent you truely fo° your ƒynnes pa¥, haue an 
earne¥ and lyuely faith in Ch°i¥ our ƒauio°, be in perfect
charitie with all men, ƒo ƒhall ye be mete partakers of thoƒe
holy mi¥eries. And aboue all thynges: ye mu¥ geue mo¥e
humble and hartie thankes to God the father, the ƒonne, and
the holy gho¥, fo° the redempcion of the wo°lde, by the death
and pa±ion of our ƒauio° Ch°i¥, both God and man, who did
humble himƒelf euen to the death vpon the cro±e, fo° vs
miƒerable ƒynners, whiche laie in darknes and ƒhadowe of
death, that he myghte make vs the child°en of God: and
exalt vs to euerla¥ing life. And to thend that wee ƒhould
alwaye rememb°e the excedyng loue of our ma¥er, and
onely ƒauio° Jeƒu Ch°i¥e, thus diyng fo° vs, and the
innumerable benefites (whiche by his p°ecious bloud-
ƒhedyng) he bath obteigned to vs, he hath left in thoƒe holy
Mi¥eries, as a pledge of his loue, & a continuall rememb°aunce
of the ƒame his owne ble±ed body, & p°ecious bloud,
fo° vs to fede vpon ƒpiritually, to our endles comfo°t &
conƒolacion. To him therfo°e, with the father and the holy
gho¥, let vs geue (as we are mo¥ bounden) continual
thankes, ƒubmittyng ourƒelfes wholy to hys holy wil and
pleaƒure, & ¥udying to ƒerue hym in true holines and righteouƒnes,
al the daies of our life. Amen.
In Cathed°al churches o° other places, where there is dailie Communion
it ƒhall be ƒufficient to read this exho°tacion aboue written, once
in a moneth. And in pariƒh churches, vpon the weke daies it may be lefte
vnƒayed.
¶ And if vpon the Sunday o° holy daye the people be negligent to come to
the Communion: Then ƒhall the P°ie¥ earne¥ly exho°te his pariƒhoners,
to diƒpoƒe themƒelfes to the receiuing of the holy communion mo°e
diligently, ƒaiyng theƒe o° like wo°des vnto them.
D Ere frendes, and you eƒpecially vpon whoƒe ƒoules I
haue cure and charge, on next, I do intende by
Gods grace, to offre to all ƒuche as ƒhalbe godlye diƒpoƒed,
the mo¥e comfo°table Sacrament of the body and bloud of
Ch°i¥, to be taken of them in the rememb°aunce of his mo¥e
fruitfull and glo°ious Pa±yon: by the whiche pa±ion we 
The Communion.
haue obteigned remi±ion of our ƒynnes, and be made partakers
of the kyngdom of heauen, whereof wee bee a±ured
and a±erteigned, yf wee come to the ƒayde Sacrament, with
hartie repentaunce fo° our offences, ¥edfa¥ faithe in
Goddes mercye, and earne¥ mynde to obeye Goddes will,
and to offende no mo°e. Wherefo°e our duetie is, to come to
theƒe holy mi¥eries, with mo¥e heartie thankes to bee geuen
to almightie G O D , fo° his infinite mercie and benefites
geuen and be¥owed vpon vs his vnwo°thye ƒeruauntes, fo°
whom he hath not onely geuen his body to death, and ƒhed
his bloude, but alƒo doothe voucheƒaue in a Sacrament and
Mi¥ery, to geue vs his ƒayed bodye and bloud to feede vpon
ƒpiritually. The whyche Sacrament beyng ƒo Diuine and
holy a thyng, and ƒo comfo°table to them whiche receyue it
wo°thilye, and ƒo daungerous to them that wyll p°eƒume to
take the ƒame vnwo°thely: My duetie is to exho°te you in the
meane ƒeaƒon, to conƒider the greatnes of the thing, and to
ƒerche and examine your owne conƒciences, and that not
lyghtly no° after the maner of di±imulers with G O D :
But as they whiche ƒhoulde come to a mo¥e Godly and
heauenly Banket, not to come but in the mariage garment
required of God in ƒcripture, that you may (ƒo muche as
lieth in you) be founde wo°thie to come to ƒuche a table. The
waies and meanes thereto is.
Fir¥, that you be truly repentaunt of your fo°mer euill
life, and that you confe±e with an vnfained hearte to
almightie God, youre ƒynnes and vnkyndnes towardes his
Maie¥ie committed, either by will, wo°de o° dede, infirmitie
o° igno°aunce: and that with inwarde ƒo°owe & teares you
bewaile your offences, & require of almightie God mercie &
pardon, p°omiƒing to him (from the botome of your hartes)
thamendment of your fo°mer lyfe. And emonges all others,
I am commaunded of God, eƒpecially to moue and exho°te
you to reconcile yourƒelfes to your neighbo°s, whom you
haue offended, o° who hath offended you, putting out of
your heartes al hatred and malice again¥ them, and to be in 
loue and charitie with all the wo°lde, and to fo°geue other,
as you woulde that god ƒhould fo°geue you. And yf any
man haue doen w°ong to any other: let him make
ƒatiƒfaccion, and due re¥itucion of all landes & goodes,
w°ongfully taken awaye o° with holden, befo°e he come to
Goddes bo°de, o° at the lea¥ be in ful minde and purpoƒe ƒo to
do, a±one as he is able, o° els let him not come to this holy
table, thinking to deceyue God, who ƒeeth all mennes hartes.
Fo° neither the abƒolucion of the p°ie¥, can any thing auayle
them, no° the receiuyng of this holy ƒacrament doth any
thing but increaƒe their damnacion. And yf there bee any of
you, whoƒe conƒcience is troubled and greued in any thing,
lackyng comfo°te o° counƒaill, let him come to me, o° to ƒome
other dyƒcrete and learned p°ie¥, taught in the law of God,
and confe±e and open his ƒynne & griefe ƒecretly, that he
may receiue ƒuche gho¥ly counƒaill, aduyƒe, and comfo°t,
that his conƒcience maye be releued, and that of vs (as of the
mini¥ers of GOD and of the churche) he may receiue
comfo°t and abƒolucion, to the ƒatiƒfaccion of his mynde, and
auoyding of all ƒcruple and doubtfulnes: requiryng ƒuche as
ƒhalbe ƒatiƒfied with a generall confe±ion, not to be offended
with them that doe vƒe, to their further ƒatiƒfiyng, the
auriculer and ƒecret confe±ion to the P°ie¥: no° thoƒe alƒo
whiche thinke nedefull o° conuenient, fo° the quietnes of
their awne conƒciences, particuliarly to open their ƒinnes to
the P°ie¥: to bee offended with them that are ƒatiƒfied, with
their humble confe±ion to G O D , and the generall confe±ion
to the churche. But in all thinges to folowe and kepe
the rule of charitie, and euery man to be ƒatiƒfied with his
owne conƒcience, not iudgyng other mennes myndes o°
conƒciences; where as he hath no warrant of Goddes wo°d
to the ƒame. 
The Communion.
¶ Then ƒhall folowe fo° the Offerto°y, one o° mo, of theƒe Sentences of
holy ƒcripture, to bee ƒong whiles the people doo offer, o° els one of theim to
bee ƒaied by the mini¥er, immediatly afo°e the offeryng.
Let your light ƒo ƒhine befo°e men, that they maye ƒee
your good woo°kes, and glo°ify your father whiche is in
heauen.
Math. v.
Laie not vp fo° yourƒelfes treaƒure vpon the yearth,
where the ru¥ and mothe doth co°rupt, and where theues
b°eake th°ough and ¥eale: But laie vp fo° yourƒelfes
treaƒures in heauen, where neyther ru¥e no° mothe doth
co°rupt, and where theues do not b°eake th°ough no° ¥eale.
Math. vi.
Whatƒoeuer you would that menne ƒhould do vnto you,
euen ƒo do you vnto them: fo° this is the Lawe and the
Prophetes.
Math. vii.
Not euery one that ƒaieth vnto me, lo°de, lo°de, ƒhall
entre into the kyngdom of heauen, but he that doth the will
of my father whiche is in heauen.
Math. vii.
Zache ¥ode furthe, and ƒaied vnto the Lo°de: beholde,
Lo°d, the halfe of my goodes I geue to the poo°e, and if I
haue doen any wrong to any man, I re¥o°e foure fold.
Luc. xix.
Who goeth a warfare at any tyme at his owne co¥?
who planteth a vineyarde, and eateth not of the fruite
thereof? O° who fedeth a flocke, and eateth not of the milke
of the flocke?
i. Cor. ix.
If we haue ƒowen vnto you ƒpirituall thinges, is it a
great matter yf we ƒhall reape your wo°ldly thynges?
i. Cor. ix.
Dooe ye not knowe, that they whiche mini¥er aboute
holy thinges, lyue of the Sacrifice? They whiche waite of
the alter are partakers with the alter? euen ƒo hath the lo°de
alƒo o°dained: that they whiche p°eache the Goƒpell, ƒhould
lyue of the Goƒpell.
i. Cor. ix.
He whiche ƒoweth litle, ƒhall reape litle, and he that ƒoweth
plenteouƒly, ƒhall reape plenteouƒly. Let euery manne
ii. Cor. ix.
do acco°dyng as he is diƒpoƒed in his hearte, not grudgyngly,
o° of nece±itie; fo° God loueth a cherefull geuer.
Gala. vi. Let him that is taught in the woo°de, mini¥er vnto hym
that teacheth, in all good thinges. Be not deceiued; G O D
is not mocked. Fo° whatƒoeuer a man ƒoweth, that ƒhall he
reape.
Gala. vi. While we haue tyme, let vs do good vnto all men, and
ƒpecially vnto them, whiche are of the houƒhold of fayth.
i. Timo. vi. Godlynes is greate riches, if a man be contented with
that he hath: Fo° we b°ought nothing into the wo°lde, neither
maie we cary anything out.
i. Timo. vi. Charge them whiche are riche in this wo°lde, that they
bee ready to geue, and glad to di¥ribute, laying vp in ¥oare
fo° themƒelfes a good foundacion, again¥ the time to come,
that they maie attain eternall lyfe.
Hebre. vi. G O D is not vnrighteous, that he will fo°get youre
woo°kes and labo°, that p°ocedeth of loue, whiche loue ye
haue ƒhewed fo° his names ƒake, whiche haue mini¥red vnto
the ƒainctes, and yet do mini¥er.
Hebre. viii. To do good, & to di¥ribute, fo°get not, fo° with ƒuche
Sacrifices God is pleaƒed.
i. Jhon iii. Whoƒo hath this wo°ldes good, and ƒeeth his b°other haue
nede, & ƒhutteth vp his compa±ion from hym, how dwelleth
the loue of God in him?
Geue almoƒe of thy goodes, and turne neuer thy face
from any poo°e man, and then the face of the lo°de ƒhall not
be turned awaye from thee.
Toby iiii.
Bee mercifull after thy power: if thou ha¥ muche, geue
plenteouƒly, if thou ha¥ litle, do thy diligence gladly to geue
of that litle: fo° ƒo gathere¥e thou thyƒelfe a good reward, in
the daie of nece±itie.
Toby iiii.
He that hath pitie vpon the poo°e, lendeth vnto the
Lo°de; and loke what he laieth out, it ƒhal be paied hym
again.
Prouerbes xix.
The Communion.
Ble±ed be the man that p°ouideth fo° the ƒicke and
nedy, the lo°de ƒhall deliuer hym, in the tyme of trouble.
Pſalm xli.
Where there be Clerkes, thei ƒhall ƒyng one, o° many of the
ƒentences aboue written, acco°dyng to the length and ƒho°tene±e of
the tyme, that the people be offeryng.
In the meane time, whyles the Clerkes do ƒyng the Offerto°y, ƒo
many as are diƒpoƒed, ƒhall offer vnto the poo°e mennes boxe
euery one acco°dynge to his habilitie and charitable mynde. And
at the offeryng daies appoynted: euery manne and woman ƒhall
paie to the Curate, the due and accu¥omed offerynges.
Then ƒo manye as ƒhalbe partakers of the holy Communion,
ƒhall tary ¥ill in the quire, o° in ƒome conuenient place, nigh the
quire, the men on the one ƒide, and the women on the other ƒyde.
All other (that mynde not to receiue the ƒaid holy Communion)
ƒhall departe out of the quire, except the mini¥ers and Clerkes.
Than ƒhall the mini¥er take ƒo muche Bread and Wine, as
ƒhalt ƒuffice fo° the perƒons appoynted to receiue the holy
Communion, laiyng the b°eade vpon the co°po°as, o° els in the
paten, o° in ƒome other comely thyng, p°epared fo° that purpoƒe.
And puttyng ye wyne into the Chalice, o° els in ƒome faire o°
conuenient cup, p°epared fo° that vƒe (if the Chalice will not
ƒerue), puttyng thereto a litle pure and cleane water: And ƒettyng
both the b°eade and wyne vpon the Alter: then the Prie¥ ƒhall
ƒaye.
The Lo°de be with you.
 Aunƒwere.
And with thy ƒpirite.
 Prie¥.
Lift vp your heartes.
 Aunƒwere.
We lift them vp vnto the Lo°de.
 Prie¥.
Let vs geue thankes to our Lo°de God.
 Aunƒwere.
It is mete and right ƒo to do. 
The Prie¥.
T is very mete, righte, and our bounden dutie,
that wee ƒhoulde at all tymes, and in all places,
geue thankes to thee, O Lo°de, holy father,
almightie euerla¥yng God.
¶ Here ƒhall folowe the p°oper p°eface, acco°dyng to the tyme (if
there bee any ƒpecially appoynted), o° els immediatly ƒhall
folowe, Therefo°e with Angelles, &c.

 PROPRE
P°efaces.
¶ Upon Ch°i¥mas Daie.
Ecauƒe thou didde¥e geue Jeƒus Ch°i¥e, thyne
onely ƒonne, to bee bo°ne as this daye fo° vs, who
by the operacion of the holy gho¥e, was made
very man, of the ƒub¥aunce of the Virgin Mari his mother,
and that without ƒpot of ƒinne to make vs cleane from all
ƒynne. Therefo°e &c.
¶ Upon Ea¥er daie.
Ut chiefly are we bound to p°aiƒe thee, fo° the
glo°ious reƒurreccion of thy ƒonne Jeƒus Ch°i¥e,
our Lo°de, fo° he is the very Paƒcall Lambe,
whiche was offered fo° vs, & hath taken awaie the ƒynne of
the wo°lde, who by his death hath de¥royed death, and by
his riƒyng to life againe, hath re¥o°ed to vs euerla¥ynge
life. Therefo°e &c. 
The Communion.
¶ Upon the A±encion Day.
Hrough thy mo¥ dere beloued ƒonne, Jeƒus Ch°i¥
our Lo°de, who after his mo¥e glo°ious reƒurreccion
manife¥ly appered to all his diƒciples, and in
their ƒight aƒcended vp into heauen, to p°epare a place fo° vs,
that where he is, thither mighte we alƒo aƒcende, and reigne
with hym in glo°y. Therfo°e &c.
¶ Upon Whitƒondaye.
Hrough Jeƒus Ch°i¥e our Lo°de, acco°dyng to
whoƒe mo¥e true p°omiƒe, the holy Gho¥e came
doune this daye from heauen, with a ƒodain great
ƒound, as it had been a mightie wynde , in the likenes of
fiery toungues , lightyng vpon the Apo¥les , to teache them,
and to leade them to all trueth, geuyng them bothe the gifte
of diuerƒe languages, and alƒo boldnes with feruent zeale,
con¥antly to p°eache the Goƒpell vnto all nacions, whereby
we are b°ought out of darkenes and erro°, into the cleare
light and true knowlege of thee , and of thy ƒonne Jeƒus
Ch°i¥. Therfo°e &c.
¶ Upon the fea¥ of the Trinitie.
T is very meete, righte, and oure bounden duetie,
that we ƒhould at al tymes, and in al places, geue
thankes to thee O Lo°de, almightye euerla¥ing
God, whiche arte one God, one Lo°de, not one onely perƒon,
but th°ee perƒones in one ƒub¥aunce: Fo° that which we
beleue of the glo°y of the father, the ƒame we beleue of the
ƒonne, and of the holy gho¥, without any difference, o°
inequalitie: whom the Angels &c.
After whiche p°eface ƒhalt falowe immediately. 
Therfo°e with Angels and Archangels, and with all the
holy companye of heauen: we laude and magnify thy
glo°ious name, euermo°e p°aiƒyng thee, and ƒaying,
Holy, holy, holy, Lo°de God of Ho¥es: heauen (& earth)
are full of thy glo°y: Oƒanna, in the highe¥. Ble±ed is he
that commeth in the name of the Lo°de: Glo°y to thee, O
lo°de in the highe¥. This the Clerkes ƒhal alƒo ƒyng.
¶ When the Clerkes haue dooen ƒyngyng , then ƒhall the P°ie¥,
o° Deacon, turne hym to the people, and ƒaye,
Let vs p°aie fo° the whole ¥ate of Ch°i¥es churche.
¶ Then the P°ie¥, turnyng hym to the Altar, ƒhall ƒaye o°
ƒyng, playnly and di¥inctly, this p°ayer folowyng:
Lmightie and euerliuyng God, whiche by thy
holy Apo¥le ha¥e taught vs to make p°ayers
and ƒupplicacions, and to geue thankes fo° al
menne: We humbly beƒeche thee mo¥e mercyfully
to receiue theƒe our p°aiers, which we
offre vnto thy diuine Maie¥ie, beƒeching thee to inƒpire
continually the vniuerƒal churche, with the ƒpirite of trueth,
vnitie, and conco°de: And graunt that al they that do confe±e
thy holy name, maye agree in the trueth of thy holye
wo°de, and liue in vnitie and godly loue. Speciallye we
beƒeche thee to ƒaue and defende thy ƒeruaunt Edwarde our
Kyng, that vnder hym we maye be Godly and quietly
gouerned. And graunt vnto his whole counƒaile, and to all
that he put in aucto°itie vnder hym, that they maye truely
and indifferently mini¥er iu¥ice, to the puniƒhemente of
wickedne±e and vice, and to the maintenaunce of Goddes
true religion and vertue. Geue grace (O henuenly father)
to all Biƒhoppes, Pa¥o°s, and Curates, that thei maie bothe
by their life and doctrine, ƒet furthe thy true and liuely
wo°de, and rightely and duely admini¥er thy holy Sacra-
The Communion.
mentes: And to al thy people geue thy heauenly grace, that
with meke heart and due reuerence they may heare and
receiue thy holy wo°de, truely ƒeruyng thee in holynes and
righteouƒnes, all the dayes of their life: And we mo¥
humbly beƒeche thee of thy goodnes (O Lo°de) to coumfo°t
and ƒuccour all them, whyche in thys tranƒyto°y life be in
trouble, ƒo°owe, nede, ƒyckenes, o° any other aduerƒitie. And
eƒpecially we commend vnto thy mercifull goodnes, this
congregacion which is here a±embled in thy name, to celeb°ate
the commemo°acion of the mo¥ glo°ious death of thy
ƒonne: And here we do geue vnto thee mo¥e high p°aiƒe, and
heartie thankes fo° the wonderfull grace and vertue, declared
in all thy ƒainctes, from the begynning of the wo°lde:
And chiefly in the glo°ious and mo¥e ble±ed virgin Mary,
mother of thy ƒonne Jeƒu Ch°i¥e our Lo°de and God, and in
the holy Patriarches, P°ophetes, Apo¥les and Marty°s,
whoƒe examples (O Lo°de) and ¥edfa¥nes in thy fayth,
and kepyng thy holy commaundementes, graunt vs to
folowe. We commend vnto thy mercye (O Lo°de) all
other thy ƒeruauntes, which are departed hence from vs,
with the ƒigne of faith, and nowe do re¥e in the ƒlepe of
peace: Graunt vnto them, we beƒeche thee, thy mercy, and
euerla¥ing peace, and that, at the day of the generall
reƒurreccion, we and all they which bee of the mi¥icall body
of thy ƒonne, may altogether be ƒet on his right hand, and
heare that his mo¥ ioyfull voyce: Come vnto me, O ye that
be ble±ed of my father, and po±e±e the kingdom, whiche is
p°epared fo° you, from the begynning of the wo°lde: Graunt
this, O father, fo° Jeƒus Ch°i¥es ƒake, our onely mediatour
and aduocate.
 O God heauenly father, which of thy tender mercie
didde¥ geue thine only ƒonne Jeƒu Ch°i¥, to ƒuffre death
vpon the cro±e fo° our redempcion, who made there (by his
one oblacion once offered) a full, perfect, and ƒufficient
ƒacrifyce, oblacion, and ƒatyƒfacyon, fo° the ƒinnes of the
whole wo°lde, and did in¥itute, and in his holy Goƒpell 
commaund vs, to celeb°ate a perpetuall memo°y of that his
p°ecious death, vntyll his comming again: Heare vs (o
merciful father) we beƒech thee; and with thy holy ƒpirite
and wo°de, vouchƒafe to bl e±e and ƒanc tifie theƒe thy
gyftes, and creatures of b°ead and wyne, that they maie be
vnto vs the bodye and bloude of thy mo¥e derely beloued
ƒonne Jeƒus Ch°i¥e. Who in the ƒame nyght that he was
betrayed: tooke b°eade, and when he had ble±ed, and geuen
thankes: he b°ake it, and gaue it to his diƒciples, ƒaiyng:
Take, eate, this is my bodye which is geuen fo° you, do this
in rememb°aunce of me.
 Here the
p°ie¥ mu¥
take the
b°ead into
his handes.
 Here the
p°ie¥ ƒhall
take the
Cuppe into
his handes.
Likewyƒe after ƒupper he toke the cuppe, and when he
had geuen thankes, he gaue it to them, ƒaiyng: d°ynk ye all
of this, fo° this is my bloude of the newe Te¥ament,
whyche is ƒhed fo° you and fo° many, fo° remi±ion of
ƒynnes: do this as oft as you ƒhall d°inke it in rememb°aunce
of me.
Theƒe wo°des befo°e reherƒed are to be ƒaied, turning ¥ill to the
Altar, without any eleuacion, o° ƒhewing the Sacrament to the
people.
Herfore, O Lo°de and heauenly father, acco°-
dyng to the In¥ytucyon of thy derely beloued
ƒonne, our ƒauiour Jeƒu Ch°i¥, we thy humble
ƒeruauntes do celeb°ate, and make here befo°e
thy diuine Maie¥ie, with theƒe thy holy giftes, the memo°yall
whyche thy ƒonne hath wylled vs to make, hauyng
in rememb°aunce his ble±ed pa±ion, mightie reƒurreccyon,
and glo°yous aƒcencion, renderyng vnto thee mo¥ hartie
thankes, fo° the innumerable benefites p°ocured vnto vs by
the ƒame, entierely deƒiryng thy fatherly goodnes, mercifully
to accepte this our Sacrifice of p°aiƒe and thankes
geuing: mo¥ humbly beƒeching thee to graunt, that by the
merites and death of thy ƒonne Jeƒus Ch°i¥, and th°ough
faith in his bloud, we and al thy whole church, may obteigne
remi±ion of our ƒinnes, and all other benefites of hys 
The Communion.
pa±yon. And here wee offre and p°eƒent vnto thee (O
Lo°de) oure ƒelfe, oure ƒoules, and bodies, to be a reaƒonable,
holy, and liuely ƒacrifice vnto thee: humbly beƒechyng thee,
that whoƒoeuer ƒhalbee partakers of thys holy Communion,
maye wo°thely receiue the mo¥ p°ecious body and bloude of
thy ƒonne Jeƒus Ch°i¥e: and bee fulfilled with thy grace and
heauenly benediccion, and made one bodye with thy ƒonne
Jeƒu Ch°i¥e, that he maye dwell in them, and they in hym.
And although we be vnwo°thy (th°ough our manyfolde
ƒynnes) to offre vnto thee any Sacryfice: Yet we beƒeche
thee to accepte thys our bounden duetie and ƒeruice, and
commaunde theƒe our p°ayers and ƒupplicacions, by the
Mini¥ery of thy holy Angels, to be b°ought vp into thy holy
Tabernacle befo°e the ƒyght of thy dyuine maie¥ie; not
waiyng our merites, but pardonyng our offences, th°ough
Ch°i¥e our Lo°de, by whome, and with whome, in the vnitie
of the holy Gho¥: all honour and glo°y, be vnto thee, O
father almightie, wo°ld without ende. Amen.
Let vs p°aye.
S our ƒauiour Ch°i¥e hath commaunded and
taught vs, we are bolde to ƒaye. Our father,
whyche art in heauen, halowed be thy name.
Thy Kyngdome come. Thy wyll be doen in
yearth, as it is in heauen. Geue vs this daye our dayly
b°eade. And fo°geue vs our treƒpaces, as wee fo°geue them
that treƒpa±e agayn¥ vs. And leade vs not into temptacion.
The aunƒwere.
But deliuer vs from euill. Amen.
Then ƒhall the p°ie¥ ƒaye.
The peace of the Lo°de be alwaye with you.
The Clerkes.
And with thy ƒpirite. 
The Prie¥.
H°i¥ our Paƒcall lambe is offred vp fo° vs, once
fo° al, when he bare our ƒinnes on hys body vpon
the cro±e, fo° he is the very lambe of God, that taketh
away the ƒines of the wo°lde: wherfo°e let vs kepe a
ioyfull and holy fea¥ with the Lo°de.
Here the p°ie¥ ƒhall turne hym toward thoƒe that come to the holy
Comniunion, and ƒhall ƒaye.
Ou that do truly and earne¥ly repent you of
your ƒynnes to almightie God, and be in loue
and charitie with your neighbo°s, and entende to
lede a newe life, folowyng the commaundementes
of God, and walkyng from hencefurth in his holy
wayes: d°awe nere and take this holy Sacrament to your
comfo°te, make your humble confe±ion to almightie God,
and to his holy church here gathered together in hys name,
mekely knelyng vpon your knees.
Then ƒhall thys generall Confe±ion bee made, in the name of al
thoƒe that are minded to receiue the holy Communion, either by one
of them, o° els by one of the mini¥ers, o° by the p°ie¥e himƒelfe, all
kneeling humbly vpon their knees.
Lmightye GOD father of oure Lo°d Jeƒus
Ch°i¥, maker of all thynges, iudge of all men,
we knowlege and bewaile our manyfold ƒynnes
and wyckednes, which we from tyme to tyme,
mo¥ greuouƒly haue committed, by thought, wo°d and dede,
agayn¥ thy diuine maie¥ie, p°ouokyng mo¥e iu¥ely thy
wrath and indignacion again¥ vs, we do earne¥ly repent &
be hartely ƒo°y fo° theƒe our miƒdoinges, the rememb°aunce
of them is greuous vnto vs, the burthen of them is intollerable:
haue mercye vpon vs, haue mercie vpon vs,
mo¥e mercyfull father, fo° thy ƒone our Lo°de Jeƒus
Ch°i¥es ƒake, fo°geue vs all that is pa¥, and grant that we
may euer hereafter, ƒerue and pleaƒe thee in neunes of life,
to the hono° and glo°y of thy name: Th°ough Jeƒus Ch°i¥e
our Lo°de. 
The Communion.
Then ƒhall the Prie¥e ¥ande vp, and turnyng himƒelfe to the people,
ƒay thus.
Lmightie GOD, our heauenly father, who of his
great mercie hath p°omyƒed fo°geuene±e of ƒynnes
to all them, whiche with hartye repentaunce and
true fayth, turne vnto him: haue mercy vpon you, pardon
and delyuer you from all youre ƒinnes, confirme and
¥rengthen you in all goodnes, and b°ing you to euerla¥ing
lyfe: th°ough Jeƒus Ch°i¥ our Lo°d. Amen.
Then ƒhall the P°ie¥ alƒo ƒay,
Heare what coumfo°table woo°des our ƒauiour Ch°i¥
ƒayeth, to all that truely turne to him.
Come vnto me all that trauell, and bee heauy laden, and
I ƒhall refreƒhe you. So God loued the wo°lde that he gaue
his onely begotten ƒonne, to the ende that al that beleue in
hym, ƒhoulde not periƒhe, but haue lyfe euerla¥ing.
Heare alƒo what ƒaint Paul ƒayeth.
This is a true ƒaying, and woo°thie of all men to bee
receiued, that Jeƒus Ch°i¥e came into thys wo°lde to ƒaue
ƒinners.
Heare alƒo what ƒaint John ƒayeth.
If any man ƒine, we haue an aduocate with the father,
Jeƒus Ch°i¥ the righteous, and he is the p°opiciacion fo° our
ƒinnes.
Then ƒhall the P°ie¥ turnyng him to gods boo°d, knele down, and ƒay
in the name of all them, that ƒhall receyue the Communion, this
p°ayer folowing.
E do not p°eƒume to come to this thy table (o
mercifull lo°d) tru¥ing in our owne righteouƒnes,
but in thy manifold and great mercies:
we be not woo°thie ƒo much as to gather
vp the cromes vnder thy table: but thou art the ƒame lo°de
whoƒe p°opertie is alwayes to haue mercie: Graunt vs
therefo°e (gracious lo°de) ƒo to eate the fleƒhe of thy dere 
ƒonne Jeƒus Ch°i¥, and to d°ynke his bloud in theƒe holy
Mi¥eries, that we may continuallye dwell in hym, and he
in vs, that our ƒynfull bodyes may bee made cleane by his
body, and our ƒoules waƒhed th°ough hys mo¥ p°ecious
bloud. Amen.
Then ƒhall the P°ie¥e fir¥e receiue the Communion in both kindes
himƒelfe, and next deliuer it to other Mini¥ers, if any be there
p°eƒent, (that they may bee ready to helpe the chiefe Mini¥er,) and
after to the people.
And when he deliuereth the Sacramente of the body of Ch°i¥e,
he ƒhall ƒay to euery one theƒe woo°des.
The body of our Lo°de Jeƒus Ch°i¥e whiche was geuen
fo° thee, p°eƒerue thy bodye and ƒoule vnto euerla¥ing lyfe.
And the Mini¥er deliuering the Sacrament of the bloud, and
geuing euery one to d°inke once and no mo°e, ƒhall ƒay,
The bloud of our Lo°de Jeƒus Ch°i¥e which was ƒhed fo°
thee, p°eƒerue thy bodye and ƒoule vnto euerla¥yng lyfe.
If there be a Deacon o° other P°ie¥, then ƒhal he folow with the
Chalice: and as the P°ie¥ mini¥ereth the Sacrament of the body,
ƒo ƒhal he (fo° mo°e expedition) mini¥er the Sacrament of the
bloud, in fourme befo°e written.
In the Communion tyme the Clarkes ƒhall ƒyng,
ii. O lambe of god, that take¥e away the ƒinnes of the
wo°lde : haue mercie vpon vs.
O lambe of god, that take¥e away the ƒynnes of the
wo°lde : graunt vs thy peace.
Beginning ƒo ƒoone as the P°ie¥e doeth receyue the holy
Communion: and when the Communion is ended, then ƒhall the
Clarkes ƒyng the po¥ Communion.
Sentences of holy Scripture, to be ƒayd o° ƒong euery daye one,
after the holy Communion, called the po¥ Communion. 
The Communion.
IF any man will folowe me, let him fo°ƒake hymƒelfe,
and take vp his cro±e and folowe me.
Math. xvi.
Whoƒoeuer ƒhall indure vnto thende, he ƒhalbe ƒaued.
Prayƒed be the Lo°de god of Iƒraell, fo° he hath viƒited
and redemed hys people: therefo°e let vs ƒerue hym all the
dayes of our lyfe, in holines and righteouƒnes accepted befo°e
hym.
Mar. xiii.
Luc. i.
Happie are thoƒe ƒeruauntes, whome the Lo°d (when he
cummeth) ƒhall fynde waking.
Luc. xii.
Be ye readye, fo° the ƒonne of manne will come at an
hower when ye thinke not.
Luc. xii.
The ƒeruaunte that knoweth hys mai¥ers will, and hath
not p°epared himƒelf, neither hath doen acco°ding to his will,
ƒhalbe beaten with many ¥ripes.
Luc. xii.
The howre cummeth, and now it is, when true woo°- John iiii.
ƒhippers ƒhall wurƒhip the father in ƒpirite and trueth.
Beholde, thou art made whole, ƒinne no mo°e, le¥ any
wurƒe thing happen vnto thee.
John v.
If ye ƒhall continue in my woo°de, then are ye my very
diƒciples, and ye ƒhall knowe the truth, and the truth ƒhall
make you free.
John viii.
While ye haue lighte, beleue on the lyght, that ye may be
the child°en of light.
John xii.
He that hath my commaundementes, and kepeth them,
the ƒame is he that loueth me.
John xiiii.
If any man loue me, he will kepe my woo°de, and my
father will loue hym, and wee will come vnto hym, and
dwell with hym.
John xiiii.
If ye ƒhall byde in me, and my woo°de ƒhall abyde in
you, ye ƒhall aƒke what ye will, and it ƒhall bee doen to you.
John xv.
Herein is my father glo°yfyed, that ye beare much
fruite, and become my diƒciples.
John xv.
This is my commaundement, that you loue together as
I haue loued you.
John xv.
If God be on our ƒyde, who can be agayn¥ vs? which did
not ƒpare his owne ƒonne, but gaue him fo° vs all.
Roma. viii.
Roma. viii. Who ƒhall lay any thing to the charge of Goddes choƒen?
it is GOD that iu¥ifyeth, who is he that can condemne?
Roma. xiii. The nyght is pa±ed, and the day is at hande, let vs
therfo°e ca¥ away the dedes of darkenes, and put on the
armour of light.
i. Corin. i. Ch°i¥e Jeƒus is made of GOD, vnto vs wiƒedome, and
righteouƒnes, and ƒanctifying, and redempcion, that (acco°ding
as it is written) he whiche reioyceth ƒhoulde reioyce in
the Lo°de.
i. Corin. iii. Knowe ye not that ye are the temple of GOD, and that
the ƒpirite of GOD dwelleth in you? if any manne defile
the temple of GOD, him ƒhall God de¥roy.
i. Corin. vi. Ye are derely bought, therfo°e glo°ifye God in your
bodies, and in your ƒpirites, fo° they belong to God.
Ephes. v. Be you folowers of God as deare child°en, and walke in
loue, euen as Ch°i¥e loued vs, and gaue himƒelfe fo° vs an
offeryng and a Sacrifyce of a ƒweete ƒauoure to God.
Then the Prie¥ ƒhall geue thankes to God, in the name af all them
that haue communicated, turning him fir¥ to the people, and ƒaying.

The Lo°de be with you.
The aunƒwere.
And with thy ƒpirite.
The p°ie¥.
Let vs p°ay.
Lmightye and euerlyuyng GOD, we mo¥e
hartely thanke thee, fo° that thou ha¥ vouch-
ƒafed to feede vs in theƒe holy Mi¥eries, with
the ƒpirituall foode of the mo¥e p°ecious body
and bloud of thy ƒonne, our ƒauiour Jeƒus Ch°i¥, and ha¥e
a±ured vs (duely receiuing the ƒame) of thy fauour and
goodnes toward vs, and that we be very memb°es
inco°po°ate in thy Mi¥icall bodye, whiche is the ble±ed 
The Communion.
companye of all faythfull people, and heyres th°ough hope
of thy euerla¥ing kingdome, by the merites of the mo¥
p°ecious death and pa±ion, of thy deare ƒonne. We therfo°e
mo¥ humbly beƒeche thee, O heauenly father, ƒo to a±i¥ vs
with thy grace, that we may continue in that holy felow-
ƒhip, and doe all ƒuche good woo°kes, as thou ha¥ p°epared
fo° vs to walke in, th°ough Jeƒus Ch°i¥e our Lo°de, to
whome with thee, and the holy go¥, bee all honour and
glo°y, wo°ld without ende.
Then the Prie¥ turning hym to the people, ƒhall let them depart
with this ble±ing:
The peace of GOD (which pa±eth all vnder¥anding)
kepe your hartes and mindes in the knowledge and loue of
GOD, and of his ƒonne Jeƒus Ch°i¥ our Lo°de: And the
ble±ing of God almightie, the father, the ƒonne, and the holy
go¥, be emonges you and remayne with you alway.
Then the people ƒhall aunƒwere.
Amen.
Where there are no clerkes, there the P°ie¥ ƒhall ƒay al thinges
appoynted here fo° them to ƒing.
When the holy Communion is celeb°ate on the wo°keday, o°
in p°iuate howƒes; Then may be omitted, the Glo°ia in excelƒis,
the Crede, the Homily, and the exho°tacion, beginning.
Dearly beloued, &c.
¶ Collectes to bee ƒayed after the Offerto°y, when there is no
Communion, euery ƒuch day one.
Sƒi¥ vs mercifully, O Lo°d, in theƒe our ƒupplicacions
and p°aiers, and diƒpoƒe the way of
thy ƒeruauntes, toward the attainement of euerla¥ing
ƒaluacion, that emong all the chaunges and chaunces
of thys mo°tall lyfe, they maye euer bee defended by thy 
mo¥e gracious and readye helpe: th°oughe Ch°i¥e our
Lo°de. Amen.
O Almightie Lo°de and euerlyuyng GOD, vouche-
ƒafe, we beƒeche thee, to direct, ƒanctifye, and gouerne,
both our heartes and bodies, in the wayes of thy lawes, and
in the wo°kes of thy commaundementes: that th°ough thy
mo¥ mightie p°oteccion, both here and euer, we may be
p°eƒerued in body and ƒoule: Th°ough our Lo°de and ƒauiour
Jeƒus Ch°i¥. Amen.
G Raunt we beƒeche thee almightie god, that the wo°des
whiche we haue hearde this day with our outwarde
eares, may th°oughe thy grace, bee ƒo grafted inwardly in
our heartes, that they may b°ing foo°th in vs the fruite of
good liuing, to the honour and p°ayƒe of thy name: th°ough
Jeƒus Ch°i¥e our Lo°de. Amen.
P Reuent vs, O lo°de, in all our doinges, with thy mo¥
gracious fauour, and further vs with thy continuall
helpe, that in al our woo°kes begonne, continued, and ended
in thee: we may glo°ifye thy holy name, and finally by thy
mercy obteine euerla¥ing life: Th°ough, &c.
ALmightie God, the fountayn of all wiƒdome, which
knowe¥ our nece±ities beefo°e we aƒke, and our igno°-
aunce in aƒking: we beƒeche thee to haue compa±ion vpon our
infirmities, and thoƒe thynges, whiche fo° our vnwoo°thines
we dare not, and fo° our blindnes we cannot aƒke, vouchƒaue
to geue vs fo° the woo°thines of thy ƒonne Jeƒu Ch°i¥ our
Lo°de. Amen.
Lmightie god, which ha¥ p°omiƒed to heare the
peticions of them that aƒke in thy ƒonnes name, we
beƒeche thee mercifully to inclyne thyne eares to
vs that haue made nowe our p°ayers and ƒupplicacions vnto 
The Communion.
thee, and graunt that thoƒe thynges whiche we haue
faythfullye aƒked acco°dyng to thy will, maye effectually
bee obteyned to the reliefe of oure nece±itye, and to the
ƒettyng foo°th of thy glo°ye: Th°ough Jeƒus Ch°i¥ our
Lo°de.
Fo° rayne.
God heauenly father, whiche by thy ƒonne Jeƒu
Ch°i¥, ha¥ p°omiƒed to al them that ƒeke thy
kingdom, & the righteouƒnes therof, al thinges nece±ary
to the bodely ƒu¥enaunce: ƒend vs (we beƒeche thee) in
this our nece±itie, ƒuch moderate rayne and ƒhowers, that
we may receiue the fruites of the earth, to our comfo°t and
to thy hono°; Th°ough Jeƒus Ch°i¥ our Lo°d.
Fo° fayre wether.
Lo°de God, whiche fo° the ƒinne of manne did¥
once d°owne all the wo°lde, except eight perƒons,
and afterwarde of thy great mercye, did¥e p°omiƒe
neuer to de¥roy it ƒo agayn: We humbly beƒeche thee,
that although we fo° oure iniquities haue woo°thelye
deƒerued this plague of rayne and waters, yet, vpon our
true repentaunce, thou wilt ƒende vs ƒuche wether wherby
we may receiue the fruites of the earth in due ƒeaƒon, and
learne both by the puniƒhment to amende our liues, and by
the graunting of our peticion to geue thee p°ayƒe and glo°y:
Th°ough Jeƒu Ch°i¥ our Lo°de.
¶ Upon wedneƒdaies & frydaies, the Engliƒh Letany ƒhalbe ƒaid o° ƒong
in all places, after ƒuche fo°me as is appoynted by the kynges maie¥ies
Iniunccions: Or as is o° ƒhal bee otherwyƒe appoynted by his highnes.
And thoughe there be none to communicate with the P°ie¥e, yet theƒe
dayes (after the Litany ended) the P°ie¥ ƒhall put vpon him a playn
Albe o° ƒurple±e, with a cope, and ƒay al thinges at the Altar (appoynted
to be ƒayed at the celeb°acyon of the lo°des ƒupper), vntill after the
offerto°y. And then ƒhall adde one o° two of the Collectes afo°ewritten,
as occaƒion ƒhall ƒerue by his diƒcrecion. And then turning him to the
people ƒhall let them depart with the accu¥omed ble±ing. 
And the ƒame o°der ƒhall be vƒed all other dayes whenƒoeuer the people
be cu¥omably a±embled to p°ay in the churche, and none diƒpoƒed to
communicate with the P°ie¥.
Lykewyƒe in Chapelles annexed, and all other places, there ƒhalbe
no celeb°acion of the Lo°des ƒupper, except there be ƒome to communicate
with the P°ie¥. And in ƒuche Chapelles annexed where ye
people hath not bene accu¥omed to pay any holy b°ead, there they
mu¥ either make ƒome charitable p°ouiƒion fo° the bering of the
charges of the Communion, o° elles (fo° receyuying of the ƒame)
reƒo°t to theyr Pariƒh Churche.
Fo° aduoyding of all matters and occaƒyon of dyƒcencyon, it is mete
that the b°eade p°epared fo° the Communion, bee made, th°ough all
thys realme, after one ƒo°t and faƒhion: that is to ƒay, vnleauened, and
rounde, as it was afo°e, but without all maner of p°inte, and
ƒomethyng mo°e larger and thicker than it was, ƒo that it may be
aptly deuided in diuers pieces: and enery one ƒhall be deuided in two
pieces, at the lea¥e, o° mo°e, by the diƒcrecion of the mini¥er, and ƒo
di¥ributed. And menne mu¥e not thynke le±e to be receyued in parte
then in the whole, but in eache of them the whole body of our ƒauiour
Jeƒu Ch°i¥.
And fo°ƒomuche as the Pa¥ours and Curates within thys realme
ƒhal continually fynd at theyr co¥es and charges in theyr cures,
ƒufficient Breade and Wyne fo° the holy Communion (as oft as
they° Pariƒhioners ƒhalbe diƒpoƒed fo° they° ƒpiritual comfo°t to
receyue the ƒame) it is therefo°e o°d°ed, that in recompence of ƒuche
co¥es and charges, the Pariƒhioners of euery Pariƒhe ƒhall offer
euery Sonday, at the tyme of the Offerto°y, the iu¥e valour and
p°ice of the holy lofe (with all ƒuche money, and other thinges as
were wont to be offered with the ƒame) to the vƒe of theyr Pa¥ours
and Curates, and that in ƒuche o°d°e and courƒe, as they were woont
to fynde and pay the ƒayd holy lofe.
Alƒo, that the receiuing of the Sacrament of the ble±ed body and
bloud of Ch°i¥, may be mo¥ agreable to the in¥itucion thereof, and to
the vƒage of the p°imitiue Churche: In all Cathederall and Collegiate
Churches, there ƒhal alwaies ƒome Communicate with the P°ie¥e
that mini¥reth. And that the ƒame may bee alƒo obƒerued euery where
ab°ode in the countrey: Some one at the lea¥ of that houƒe in euery
Pariƒhe, to whome by courƒe after the o°dinaunce herein made, it
apperteyneth to offer fo° the charges of the Communion, o° ƒome
other whom they ƒhall p°ouide to offer fo° them, ƒhall receiue the holy
Communion with the P°ie¥e: the whiche may be the better doen, fo°
that they knowe befo°e, when theyr courƒe commeth, and maie 
The Communion.
therfo°e diƒpoƒe themƒelues to the wo°thie receiuyng of the
Sacramente. And with hym o° them who doeth ƒo offre the charges
of the Communion: all other, who be then Godly diƒpoƒed thereunto,
ƒhall lykewyƒe receiue the Communion. And by this meanes the
Mini¥er hauyng alwaies ƒome to communicate with him, maie
acco°dingly ƒolempniƒe ƒo high and holy mi¥eries, with all the
ƒuffrages and due o°d°e appoynted fo° the ƒame. And the P°ie¥ on the
weke daie, ƒhall fo°beare to celeb°ate the Communion, excepte he haue
ƒome that will communicate with hym.
Furthermo°e, euery man and woman to be bound to heare and be at
the diuine ƒeruice, in the Pariƒhe churche where they be reƒident, and
there with deuout p°ayer, o° Godlye ƒilence and meditacion, to occupie
themƒelues. There to paie their dueties, to communicate once in the
yeare at the lea¥, and there to receyue, and take all other
Sacramentes and rites, in this booke appoynted. And whoƒoeuer
willyngly vpon no iu¥ cauƒe, doeth abƒent themƒelues, o° doeth
vngodly in the Pariƒhe churche occupie themƒelues: vpon p°offe
therof, by the Eceleƒia¥icall lawes of the Realme to bee
excommunicate, o° ƒuffre other puniƒhement, as ƒhall to the
Eccleƒia¥ical iudge (acco°dyng to his diƒcrecion) ƒeme conuenient.
And although it bee redde in aunciente writers, that the people many
yeares pa¥ receiued at the p°ie¥es handes the Sacrament of the body
of Ch°i¥ in theyr owne handes, and no commaundement of Ch°i¥ to
the contrary: Yet fo°aƒmuche as they many tymes conueyghed the
ƒame ƒecretelye awaye, kept it with them, and diuerƒly abuƒed it to
ƒuper¥icion and wickednes: le¥ any ƒuche thynge hereafter ƒhould be
attempted, and that an vnifo°mitie might be vƒed, th°oughoute the
whole Realme: it is thought conuenient the people commonly receiue
the Sacrament of Ch°i¥es body, in their mouthes, at the P°ie¥es
hande. 

The Letany and Suffrages.
G O D the father of heauen : haue
mercy vpon vs miƒerable ƒynners.
O God the father of heauen : haue mercy vpon
vs miƒerable ƒinners.
O God the ƒonne, redemer of the wo°ld:
haue mercy vpon vs miƒerable ƒinners.
O God the ƒonne, redemer of the wo°ld : haue
mercy vpon vs miƒerable ƒinners.
O God the holy gho¥e, p°ocedyng from the father and the
ƒonne : haue mercy vpon vs miƒerable ƒinners.
O God the holy gho¥, p°ocedyng from the father and the
ƒonne : haue mercy vpon vs miƒerable ƒinners.
O holy, ble±ed, and glo°ious Trinitie, th°ee perƒons and one
God : haue mercye vpon vs miƒerable ƒynners.
O holy, ble±ed, and glo°ious Trinitie, th°ee perƒons and one
God : haue mercye vpon vs miƒerable ƒynners.
Remember not lo°de, our offences, no° the offences of our
fo°efathers, neither take thou uengeaunce of our ƒinnes:
ƒpare vs good lo°d, ƒpare thy people, whom thou ha¥ redemed
with thy moo¥ p°ecious bloude, and be not angry
with vs fo° euer:
Spare vs, good Lo°de.
From al euill and miƒchiefe, from ƒynne, from the craftes
and a±aultes of the deuyll, from thy wrathe, and from
euerla¥yng damnacion:
Good lo°de deliuer vs.
From blyndnes of heart, from p°yde, vainglo°y, and Hypocriƒy,
from enuy, hatred, and malice, and all vncharitablenes:

Good lo°de deliuer vs.
From fo°nicacion, and all other deadlye ƒynne, and from al
the deceytes of the wo°lde, the fleƒhe, and the deuill:
Good lo°de deliuer vs.
From lightning and tempe¥, from plage, pe¥ilence, and
famine, from battaile and murther, and from ƒodain death:
Good lo°de deliuer vs. 
The Letany and
From all ƒedicion and p°iuye conƒpiracie, from the ty°annye
of the biƒhop of Rome and all his dete¥able eno°mities, from
al falƒe doctrine and heriƒy, from hardnes of heart, and
contempte of thy wo°d and commaundemente:
Good lo°de deliuer vs.
By the mi¥ery of thy holy incarnacion, by thy holy
Natiuitie and Circumciƒion, by thy Baptiƒme, fa¥yng, and
temptacion:
Good lo°de deliuer vs.
By thyne agony and bloudy ƒweate, by thy cro±e and
pa±ion, by thy p°ecious death and burial, by thy glo°ious
reƒurreccion and aƒcencion, by the comming of the holy go¥:
Good lo°de deliuer vs.
In all tyme of our tribulacion, in all time of our wealth, in
the houre of death, in the daye of iudgement:
Good lo°de deliuer vs.
We ƒynners do beƒeche thee to heare vs (O Lo°de God) and
that it maye pleaƒe thee to rule and gouern thy holy
Churche vniuerƒall in the right waye:
We beƒeche thee to heare vs good lo°de.
That it maye pleaƒe thee to kepe Edward the .vi., thy
ƒeruaunt our kyng and gouernour:
We beƒeche thee to heare vs good lo°de.
That it maye pleaƒe thee to rule his heart in thy faythe,
feare, and loue, that he maye alwayes haue affiaunce in
thee, and euer ƒeke thy honour and glo°y:
We beƒeche thee to heare vs good lo°de.
That it maye pleaƒe thee to be his defendour and keper,
geuyng hym the victo°ye ouer all his enemyes:
We beƒeche thee to heare vs good lo°de.
That it maye pleaƒe thee to illuminate all Biƒhops,
pa¥ours & mini¥ers of the churche, with true knowlege and
vnder¥andyng of thy wo°d, and that bothe by they° p°eachyng
and liuing, they maye ƒet it foo°th, and ƒhewe it acco°dyngly:

We beƒeche thee to heare vs good lo°de. 
Suffrages.
That it may pleaƒe thee to endue the Lo°des of the counƒaile
and all the nohilitie, with grace, wiƒedome, and vnder-
¥andyng:
We beƒeche thee to heare vs good lo°de.
That it may pleaƒe thee to ble±e and kepe the magi¥rates,
geuyng them grace to execute iu¥ice, and to mayntayne
trueth:
We beƒeche thee to heare vs good lo°de.
That it may pleaƒe thee to ble±e and kepe al thy people:
We beƒeche thee to heare vs good lo°de.
That it may pleaƒe thee to geue to all nacions vnitie, peace,
and conco°de:
We beƒeche thee to heare vs good lo°de.
That it may pleaƒe thee to geue vs an heart to loue and
d°ead thee, and diligently to lyue after thy commaundementes:

We beƒeche thee to heare vs good lo°de.
That it may pleaƒe thee to geue all thy people increaƒe of
grace, to heare mekely thy wo°de, and to receyue it with
pure affeccion, & to b°yng fo°th the fruites of the ƒpirite:
We beƒeche thee to heare vs good lo°de.
That it may pleaƒe thee to b°yng into the way of trueth all
ƒuche as haue erred and are deceyued:
We beƒeche thee to heare vs good lo°de.
That it may pleaƒe thee to ¥rengthen ƒuche as do ¥and, and
to comfo°t and helpe the weake hearted, and to raiƒe vp them
that fall, and finally to beate downe Sathan vnder our
feete:
We beƒeche thee to heare vs good lo°de.
That it may pleaƒe thee to ƒuccoure, helpe, and comfo°t all
that be in daunger, nece±itie, and tribulacion:
We beƒeche thee to heare vs good lo°de.
That it may pleaƒe thee to p°eƒerue all that trauayle by
lande o° by water, all women labouryng of chylde, all ƒicke
perƒons, and yong chyld°en, and to ƒhewe the pytie vpon all
p°iƒoners and captyues:
We beƒeche thee to heare vs good lo°de. 
The Letany and
That it may pleaƒe thee to defende and p°ouide fo° the
fatherles child°en and wyddowes, and all that be deƒolate
and opp°e±ed:
We beƒeche thee to heare vs good lo°de.
That it may pleaƒe thee to haue mercy vpon all menne:
We beƒeche thee to heare vs good lo°de.
That it may pleaƒe thee to fo°geue our enemies, perƒecutours,
and ƒclaunderers, and to turne their heartes:
We beƒeche thee to heare vs good lo°de.
That it may pleaƒe thee to geue and p°eƒerue to our vƒe the
kyndly fruytes of the earth, ƒo as in due tyme we may
enioy them:
We beƒeche thee to heare vs good lo°de.
That it may pleaƒe thee to geue vs true repentaunce, to
fo°geue vs all our ƒynnes, negligences, and igno°aunces, and
to endue vs with the grace of thy holy ƒpirite, to amende our
lyues acco°dyng to thy holy wo°de:
We beƒeche thee to heare vs good lo°de.
Sonne of God: we beƒeche thee to heare vs.
Sonne of God: we beƒeche thee to heare vs.
O lambe of God, that take¥ away the ƒinnes of the wo°ld:
Graunt vs thy peace.
O lambe of God, that take¥ away the ƒinnes of the wo°ld:
Haue mercy vpon vs.
O Ch°i¥e heare vs.
O Ch°i¥e heare vs.
Lo°de haue mercy vpon vs.
Lo°de haue mercy vpon vs.
Ch°i¥e haue mercy vpon vs.
Ch°i¥e haue mercy vpon vs.
Lo°de haue mercy vpon vs.
Lo°de haue mercy vpon vs.
Our father whiche art in heauen. With the reſidue of the Pater noer. 
Suffrages.
And leade vs not into temptacion.
But deliuer vs from euyll.
The verƒicle.
O Lo°de, deale not with vs after our ƒynnes.
The aunƒwere.
Neither rewarde vs after our iniquities.
Let vs p°aye.
O God mercifull father, that deƒpiƒe¥ not the ƒyghyng
of a contrite heart, no° the deƒire of ƒuch as be ƒo°owfull,
mercifully a±y¥e our p°ayers, that we make befo°e
the in all our troubles and aduerƒities, whenƒoeuer they
opp°e±e vs: And graciouƒely heare vs, that thoƒe euyls,
whiche the crafte and ƒubteltie of the deuyll o° man wo°keth
again¥ vs, be b°ought to nought, and by the p°ouidence of thy
goodnes, they maye be dyƒperƒed, that we thy ƒeruauntes,
beyng hurte by no perƒecucions, maye euermo°e geue
thankes vnto thee, in thy holy churche, tho°ough Jeƒu Ch°i¥e
our Lo°de.
O Lo°de, aryƒe, helpe vs, and delyuer vs fo° thy names ƒake.
O God, we haue heard with our eares, and our fathers haue
declared vnto vs the noble wo°kes that thou dydde¥ in they°
dayes, and in the olde tyme befo°e them.
O Lo°de, aryƒe, helpe vs, and deliuer vs fo° thy honour.
Glo°y be to the father, the ƒonne, and to the holy gho¥e; as it
was in the begynning, is nowe, and euer ƒhall be wo°ide with
out ende. Amen.
From our enemies defende vs, O Ch°y¥e.
Graciouƒly loke vpon our afflyctions.
Pytifully beholde the ƒo°owes of our heart.
Mercifully fo°geue the ƒynnes of thy people.
Fauourably with mercy heare our p°ayers.
O ƒonne of Dauid haue mercy vpon vs.
Both nowe and euer vouchƒafe to here vs Ch°i¥e.
Graciouƒely heare vs, O Ch°i¥.
Graciouƒely heare vs, O lo°d Ch°i¥. 
The Suffrages.
The verƒicle.
O Lo°de, let thy mercy be ƒhewed vpon vs.
The Aunƒwere.
As we do put our tru¥e in thee.
Let vs p°aye.
E humbly beƒeche thee, O father, mercifully to
loke vpon our infirmities, and fo° the glo°y of thy
name ƒake, turne from vs all thoƒe euilles that we
mo¥e righteouƒly haue deƒerued: and graunte that in all
oure troubles we maye put our whole tru¥ and confidence
in thy mercy, and euermo°e ƒerue thee in purenes of liuyng,
to thy honour and glo°y: th°ough our onely mediato° and
aduocate Jeƒus Ch°i¥ our Lo°de. Amen.
Lmightie God, whiche ha¥ geuen vs grace at this
tyme with one acco°de to make our commune ƒupplicacionƒ
unto thee, and doe¥ p°omiƒe, that whan
two o° th°ee bee gathered in thy name, thou wylt graunt
they° reque¥es: fulfill now, O lo°de, the deƒires and
peticions of thy ƒeruauntes, as maye bee mo¥e
expediente fo° them, grauntyng vs in this
wo°lde knowlege of thy trueth, and
in the wo°lde to come,
lyfe euerla¥ing.
Amen. 
 OF THE ADMINI=
¥racion of publyke Baptiƒme to
br vƒed in the Churche
T appeareth by auncient wryters, that the Sacramente
of Baptiƒme in the olde tyme was not
commonly mim¥red, but at two tymes in the
yeare, at Ea¥er and whytƒontyde , at whiche
tymes it was openly myni¥red in the p°eƒence of
all the congregacion: Whiche cu¥ome (now
beeyng growen out of vƒe) although it cannot fo°
many conƒideracions be wel re¥o°ed again, yet it
is thought good to folowe theƒame as nere as
conueniently maybe be : Wherfo°e the people are to bee admoniƒhed, that it is
mo¥e conueniente that baptiƒme ƒhoulde not be mini¥red but vpon Sondayes
and other holy dayes, when the mo¥ numb°e of people maye come together.
As well fo° that the congregacion there p°eƒente may te¥ifie the receyuyng
of them, that be newly baptyƒed, into the noumb°e of
Ch°i¥es Churche, as alƒo becauƒe in the Baptiƒme
of Infantes, euery manne p°eƒente maye
be put in rememb°aunce of his
owne p°ofe±ion made
to God in his Baptiƒme.
Fo° whiche
cauƒe alƒo it is expediente that Baptiƒme be mini¥red
in the Engliƒhe tounge. Neuerthele±e (yf
nece±itie ƒo requyre) child°en ought
at all tymes to be baptiƒed,
eyther at the churche
o° els at home. 
PVBLIKE BAPTISME.
When there are child°en to be Baptiƒed vpon the Sonday, o° holy
daye, the parentes ƒhall geue knowledge ouer nyght o° in the
mo°nyng, afo°e the beginning of Mattens to the curate. And then
the Godfathers, Godmothers, and people, with the child°en mu¥e be
ready at the Church do°e, either immediatly afo°e the la¥e
Canticle at Mattens o° els immediatly afo°e the la¥ Canticle at
Euenƒong, as the Curate by his diƒcrecion ƒhall appoynte. And
then, ¥andyng there, the p°ie¥e ƒhall aƒke whether the chyld°en be
baptiƒed on no. If they aunƒwere No, then ƒhall the p°ie¥ ƒaye thus.
Eare beloued, fo°aƒmuche as all men bee
conceyued and bo°ne in ƒinne, and that no
manne bo°ne in ƒynne, can entre into the
kingdom of God (except he be regenerate,
and bo°ne a newe of water, and the holy
gho¥) I beƒeche you to call vpon God the
father th°ough our Lo°d Jeƒus Ch°i¥, that of his bounteouƒe
mercy he wil graunt to theƒe child°en that thing, which by
nature they cannot haue, that is to ƒaye, they may be
baptiƒed with the holy gho¥, and receyued into Ch°i¥es holy
Church, and be made lyuely memb°es of the ƒame.
¶ Then the p°ie¥e ƒhall ƒaye.
Let vs p°aye.
Lmyghtie and euerla¥yng God, whiche of
thy iu¥ice dyde¥ de¥roy by fluddes of
water the whole wo°lde fo° ƒynne, excepte
.viii. perƒones, whome of thy mercy (the
ƒame tyme) thou dide¥ ƒaue in the Arke: And
when thou dide¥ d°owne in the read ƒea wycked kyng Pharao
with al his armie, yet (at the ƒame time) thou dide¥
leade thy people the chyld°en of Iƒrael ƒafely th°ough the
myddes therof: wherby thou dide¥ fygure the waƒhyng of
thy holy Baptiƒme: and by the Baptiƒme of thy wel beloued 
Publyke Baptiƒme.
ƒonne Jeƒus Ch°i¥e, thou dyde¥ ƒanctifie the fludde Jo°dan,
and al other waters to this mi¥icall waƒhing away of
ƒynne: We beƒeche thee (fo° thy infinite mercies) that thou
wilt mercifully looke vpon theƒe child°en, & ƒanctifie them
with thy holy go¥, that by this holeƒome lauer of regeneracion,
whatƒoeuer ƒynne is in them, may be waƒhed cleane
away, that they being deliuered from thy wrathe, may be
receiued into tharke of Ch°i¥es churche, and ƒo ƒaued from
peryƒhyng: and beeyng feruente in ƒpirite, ¥edfa¥e in fayth,
ioyfull th°ough hope, rooted in charitie, maye euer ƒerue
thee: And finally attayne to euerla¥yng lyfe, with all thy
holy and choƒen people. This graunte vs we beƒeche the fo°
Jeƒus Ch°i¥es ƒake our Lo°de. Amen.
¶ Here ƒhall the p°ie¥ aƒke what ƒhall be the name of the childe,
and when the Godfathers and Godmothers haue tolde the name,
then ƒhall he make a cro±e vpon the childes fo°ehead and b°e¥e,
ƒaying.
¶ N. Receyue the ƒigne of the holy Cro±e, both in thy
fo°ehead, and in thy b°e¥e, in token that thou ƒhalt not be
aƒhamed to confe±e thy fayth in Ch°i¥e crucifyed, and
manfully to fyght vnder his banner again¥ ƒynne, the
wo°lde, and the deuill, and to continewe his faythfull ƒoldiour
and ƒeruaunt vnto thy lyfes ende. Amen.
And this he ƒhalt doe and ƒaye to as many child°en as bee p°eƒented
to be Baptiƒed, one after another.
Let vs p°aye.
Lnightie and immo°tall God, the ayde of all
that nede, the helper of all that flee to thee fo°
ƒuccour, the life of them that beleue, and the
reƒurreccion of the dead: we call vpon thee fo°
theƒe infantes, that they cummyng to thy holy Baptiƒme,
may receyue remi±ion of theyr ƒinnes, by ƒpirituall regeneracion.
Receyue them (o Lo°de) as thou ha¥e p°omyƒed by
thy welbeloued ƒonne, ƒaying: Aƒke, & you ƒhall haue: ƒeke,
and you ƒhall fynde: knocke, and it ƒhalbe opened vnto you. 
Publyke Baptiƒme.
So geue nowe vnto vs that aƒke: Lette vs that ƒeke, fynde:
open thy gate vnto vs that knocke: that theƒe infantes maye
enioy the euerla¥yng benediccion of thy heauenly waƒhing,
and may come to the eternall kyngdome whiche thou ha¥e
p°omyƒed, by Ch°i¥e our Lo°de. Amen.
Then let the p°ie¥ lokyng vpon the chyid°en, ƒaye.
Commaunde thee, vncleane ƒpirite, in the name of
the father, of the ƒonne, and of the holy gho¥, that
thou come out, and departe from theƒe infantes,
whom our Lo°d Jeƒus Ch°i¥e hath vouchƒaued, to call to his
holy Baptiƒme, to be made memb°es of his body, and of his
holy congregacion. Therfo°e thou curƒed ƒpirite, rememb°e
thy ƒentence, rememb°e thy iudgemente, rememb°e the daye
to be at hande, wherin thou ƒhalt burne in fy°e euerla¥ing,
p°epared fo° thee and thy Angels. And p°eƒume not hereafter
to exerciƒe any tyrannye towarde theƒe infantes,
whom Ch°i¥e hathe bought with his p°ecious bloud, and by
this his holy Baptiƒme calleth to be of his flocke.
Then ƒhall the p°ie¥ ƒaye.
The Lo°de be with you.
The people.
And with thy ƒpirite.
The Mini¥er.
¶ Heare nowe the goƒpell written by S. Marke.
Marke x. T a certayne tyme they b°ought child°en to
Ch°i¥e that he ƒhould touche them, and hys
diƒciples rebuked thoƒe that b°ought them.
But when Jeƒus ƒawe it, he was diƒpleaƒed,
and ƒayed vnto them: Suffre lytle child°en
to come vnto me, and fo°byd them not; fo° to ƒuche belongeth
the kingdom of God. Verely I ƒay vnto you: whoƒoeuer
doeth not receyue the kyngdom of God, as a lytle chylde: he
ƒhall not entre therin. And when he had taken them vp in his
armes: he put his handes vpon them, and ble±ed them. 
Publyke Baptiƒme.
After the goƒpell is red, the Mini¥er ƒhall make this b°iefe
exho°tacion vpon the woo°des of the goƒpell.
Rendes you heare in this goƒpell the woo°des of
our Sauiour Ch°i¥e, that he commaunded the
child°en to be b°ought vnto him: howe he blamed
thoƒe that would haue kept them from hym: howe he exho°teth
all men to folowe their innocencie. Ye perceyue
howe by his outwarde ge¥ure and dede he declared his good
wyll towarde them. Fo° he emb°aced them in his armes, he
layed his handes vpon them, and ble±ed them: doubte ye not
therfo°e, but earne¥ly beleue, that he wyll lykewyƒe fauourably
receyue theƒe p°eƒent infantes, that he wyll
emb°ace them, with the arms of his mercy, that he wyll
geue vnto them the ble±yng of etemall lyfe: and make them
partakers of his euerla¥ing kingdome. Wherfo°e we beyng
thus perƒwaded of the good wyll of our heauenly father
towarde theƒe infantes, declared by his ƒonne Jeƒus Ch°i¥e;
And nothyng doubtyng but that he fauourably alloweth this
charitable wo°ke of ours, in b°inging theƒe child°en to his
holy baptiƒme: let vs faythfully and deuoutly geue thankes
vnto him: And ƒay the p°ayer which the Lo°d himƒelfe
taught. And in declaracion of our fayth, let vs alƒo recyte
the articles conteyned in our Crede.
Here the mini¥er with the Godfathers, Godmothers, and
people p°eƒente, ƒhall ƒaye.
Our father whiche art in heauen, halowed bee thy name,
&c.
And then ƒhall ƒaye openly.
I beleue in God the father almightie, &c.
The p°ie¥ ƒhall adde alƒo this p°ayer.
Lmightie and euerla¥yng God, heauenly father,
we geue the humble thankes, that thou
ha¥e voucheƒaued to call vs to knowledge of
thy grace, and fayth in thee: Increaƒe and confyrme
this fayth in vs euermo°e: Geue thy holy ƒpirite to
theƒe infantes, that they may be bo°ne agayne, and be made
heyres of euerla¥ing ƒaluacion, th°ough our Lo°d Jeƒus 
Publyke Baptiƒme.
Ch°i¥: Who lyueth and reigneth with thee and the holy
ƒpirite, nowe endfo° euer. Amen.
Then let the p°ie¥ take one of the child°en by the ryght hande, thother
being b°ought after him. And cumming into the Churche towarde the
fonte, ƒaye.
THe Lo°de voucheƒafe to receyue you into his holy houƒ-
holde, and to kepe and gouerne you alwaye in the ƒame,
that you may haue euerla¥ing lyfe. Amen.
Then ¥andyng at the fonte the p°ie¥ ƒhall ƒpeahe to the Godfathers
and Godmothers, on this wyƒe.
Elbeloued frendes, ye haue b°ought theƒe child°en
here to bee Baptized, ye haue p°ayed that our
Lo°de Jeƒus Ch°i¥ would vouchƒafe to receyue
them, to lay his handes vpon them, to ble±e them, to releaƒe
them of theyr ƒinnes, to geue them the kyngdome of heauen,
and euerla¥yng life. Ye haue heard alƒo that our Lo°de
Jeƒus Ch°i¥e hath p°omyƒed in his goƒpel, to graunte all
theƒe thynges that ye haue p°ayed fo°: whiche p°omyƒe he fo°
his parte, will mo¥e ƒuerly kepe and perfourme. Wherfo°e,
after this p°omyƒe made by Ch°i¥e, theƒe infantes
mu¥e alƒo faythfully fo° theyr parte p°omiƒe by you, that
be theyr ƒuerties, that they wyll fo°ƒake the deuyll and all
his wo°kes, and con¥antly beleue Gods holy woo°de, and
obediently kepehiscommaundementes.
Then ƒhall the p°ie¥ demaunde of the childe (which ƒhalbe fir¥
Baptized) theƒe que¥ions blowing: fir¥ naming the childe, and
ƒaying.
N. Doe¥ thou fo°ƒake the deuill and all his wo°keƒ?
Aunƒwere.
I fo°ƒake them.
Mini¥er.
Doe¥ thou fo°ƒake the vaine pompe, and glo°y of the
wo°lde, with all the couetouƒe deƒyres of the ƒame?
Aunƒwere.
I fo°ƒake them.
Mini¥er.
Doe¥ thou fo°ƒake the carnall deƒyres of the fleƒh, ƒo that
thou wilt not folowe, no° be ledde by them? 
Publyke Baptiƒme.
Aunƒwere.
I fo°ƒake them.
Mini¥er.
Doe¥ thou beleue in God the father almightie, maker of
heauen and earth?
Aunƒwere.
I beleue.
Mini¥er.
Doe¥ thou beleue in Jeƒus Ch°i¥e his only begotten ƒonne
our Lo°de, and that he was conceyued by the holy go¥, bo°ne
of the virgin Mary, that he ƒuffered vnder Poncius Pilate,
was crucified, dead, and buryed, that he went downe into
hell, and alƒo dyd ryƒe agayne the thyrde daye; that he
aƒcended into heauen, and ƒitteth on the ryghthande of God
the father almighty: And from thence ƒhall come agayne at
the ende of the wo°lde, to iudge the quicke and the dead:
Doe¥ thou beleue this?
Aunƒwere.
I beleue.
Mini¥er.
Doe¥ thou beleue in the holy go¥, the holy Catholike
Churche, the communion of Sainctes, remi±ion of Sinnes,
reƒurreccion of the fleƒhe, & euerla¥yng lyfe after death?
Aunƒwere.
I beleue.
Mini¥er.
What doe¥ thou deƒyre?
Aunƒwere.
Baptiƒme.
Mini¥er.
Wilt thou be baptized?
Aunƒwere.
I wyll.
Then the p°ie¥e ƒhall take the childe in his handes, and aƒke the name.
And naming the childe, ƒhall dyppe it in the water th°yƒe. Fir¥
dypping the ryghtƒyde: Seconde the left ƒyde: The th°yd tyme
dippyng the face towards the fonte: So it be diƒeretly and warely
done, ƒaying.
N. I Baptize thee in the name of the father, and of the
ƒonne, and of the holy go¥. Amen. 
Publyke Baptiƒme.
And if the childe be weake, it ƒhall ƒuffice to powre water vpon it,
ƒaying the fo°eƒayed woo°des. N. I baptize thee, &c. Then the
Godfathers and Godmothers ƒhall take and lay theyr handes vpon the
childe, and the mini¥er ƒhall put vpon him his white ve¥ure,
mmonly calledthe Criƒome; Andƒaye.
T
co
Ake this white ve¥ure fo° a token of the innocencie,
whiche by Gods grace in this holy ƒacramente of
Baptiƒme, is giuen vnto thee: and fo° a ƒigne wherby thou
art admoniƒhed, ƒo long as thou lyue¥, to geue thy ƒelfe to
innocencie of liuing, that after this tranƒito°ye lyfe, thou
maye¥ be partaker of the lyfe euerla¥ing. Amen.
Then the p°ie¥e ƒhall annoynt the infant vpon the head, ƒaying.
ALmighty God the father of our lo°de Jeƒus Ch°i¥,
who hath regenerate thee by water and the holy go¥,
and hath geuen vnto thee remi±ion of al thy ƒinnes: he
vouchƒaue to annoynte thee with the vnccion of his holy
ƒpirite, and b°yng thee to the inheritaunce of euerla¥ing
lyfe. Amen.
When there are many to be Baptized, this o°d°e of demaunding,
Baptizing, puttyng on the Cryƒome, and enoyntyng, ƒhalbe vƒed
ƒeuerally with euery chylde. Thoƒe that be fir¥e Baptized departing
from the fonte, and remaynyng in ƒome conuenient place within the
Churche vntill all be Baptized. At the la¥e ende, the p°ie¥ calling the
Godfathers and Godmothers together: ƒhall ƒaye this ƒho°te
exho°tacion folowing:
O°asmuch as theƒe child°en haue p°omiƒed by you to
fo°ƒake the deuill and al his wo°kes, to beleue in
God, and to ƒerue him: you mu¥ rememb°e that it is your
partes and duetie, to ƒee that theƒe infantes be taught, ƒo
ƒoone as they ƒhalbe able to learne, what a ƒolemne vowe,
p°omyƒe, and p°ofe±ion, they haue made by you. And that
they maye knowe theƒe thynges the better: ye ƒhall call
vpon them to heare ƒermons, and chiefly you ƒhal p°ouide
that thei may learne the Crede, the Lo°des p°ayer, and the
ten commaundementes, in thengliƒh tounge: and all other
thinges, which a ch°i¥ian manne ought to knowe & beleue to
his ƒoules health. And that theƒe child°en may be vertuouƒly
b°ought vp to leade a godly & ch°i¥ian life: rememb°ing
alwayes that Baptiƒme doeth rep°eƒent vnto vs our p°ofe±ion,
which is to folow thexample of our Sauiour Ch°i¥e, 
Publyke Baptiƒme.
and to be made lyke vnto him, that as he dyed & roƒe againe
fo° vs: ƒo ƒhould we (whiche are Baptiƒed) dye from ƒynne,
and ryƒe agayne vnto righteouƒne±e, continually mo°tifying
all our euyll and co°rupte affeccions, and dayly p°ocedyng
in all vertue and godlyne±e of lyuyng.
The mini¥er ƒhall commaunde that the Criƒomes be b°ought to the
churche, and delyuered to the p°ie¥es after the accu¥omed maner, at
the purificacion of the mother of euery chylde. And that the child°en
be b°ought to the Buƒhop to bee confirmed of hym, ƒo ƒoone as they
can ƒaye in theyr vulgare tounge the articles of the fayth, the Lo°des
p°ayer, and the ten commaundementes, and be further in¥ructed in
the Catechiƒme, ƒet furth fo° that purpoƒe, acco°dingly as it is there
exp°e±ed.
 And ƒo lette the congregacion departe in the name of the Lo°de.
¶ Note that yf the numb°e of child°en to be Baptized, and multitude
of people p°eƒente bee ƒo great that they cannot conueniently ¥and at
the Churche doo°e: then let them ¥and within the Churche in
ƒome conuenient place, nygh vnto the Churche doo°e;
And there all thynges be ƒayed and done,
appoynted to be ƒayed and done
 at the Churche doo°e. 
OF THEM THAT BE Baptiƒed in p°iuate houƒes in tyme
of nece±itie.
¶ The pa¥ours amd curates ƒhall oft admonyƒhe the people,
that they differ not the Baptiƒme of infantes any longer then
the Sondaye, o° other holy daye, nexte after the chylde bee
bo°ne, onle±e vpon a great & reaƒonable cauƒe declared to the
curate and by hym app°oued.
And alƒo they ƒhal warne them that without great cauƒe, and
nece±itie, they Baptize not child°en at home in they° houƒes.
And when great nede ƒhall compell them ƒo to doe, that then they
mini¥er it on this faƒhion.
Fir¥ let them that be p°eƒent cal vpon God fo° his grace, and
ƒaye the Lo°des p°ayer, yf the tyme will ƒuffre. And then one
of them ƒhal name the childe, and dippe him in the water, o°
poure water vpon him, ƒaying theƒe woo°des.
¶ N. I Baptiƒe the in the name of the father, and of the
ƒonne, and of the holy gho¥e. Amen.
¶ And let them not doubt, but that the childe ƒo Baptiƒed, is
lawfully and ƒufficiently Baptized, and ought not to be
Baptized againe, in the Churche. But yet neuerthele±e if the
childe whiche is after this ƒo°te Baptized, doe afterwarde lyue:
it is expedient that he be b°ought into the Churche, to thentent
the p°ie¥e maye examine and trye, whether the childe be
lawfully Baptized o° no. And yf thoƒe that b°yng any childe to
the Churche doe aunƒwere that he is alreadye Baptized: Then
ƒhall the p°ie¥ examin them, further.
By whom the childe was Baptiƒed?
Who was p°eƒente when the childe was baptiƒed?
Whether they called vpon God fo° grace and ƒuccoure in
that nece±itie?
With what thyng, o° what matter they dyd Baptiƒe the
childe?
With what woo°des the childe was Baptiƒed?
Whether they thinke the childe to be lawfully and perfectly
Baptiƒed?
And if the mini¥ers ƒhall p°oue by the aunƒwers of ƒuche as
b°ought the childe, that all thynges were done, as they ought to
be: Then ƒhall not he ch°i¥en the childe agayne, but ƒhall
receyue hym, as one of the flocke of the true ch°i¥ian people,
ƒaying thus. 
P°iuate Baptiƒme
Certifie you, that in this caƒe ye haue doen
wel, and acco°ding vnto due o°d°e concerning
the baptiƒing of this child, which being bo°ne
in o°iginal ƒynne, and in the w°athe of God, is
nowe by the lauer of regeneracion in Baptiƒme,
made the childe of God, and heire of euerla¥yng life:
fo° oure Lo°de Jeƒus Ch°i¥e doeth not denye hys grace and
mercie vnto ƒuch infantes, but mo¥ louingly doeth call them
vnto him. As the holy ghoƒpell doeth witne±e to our coumfo°te
on this wyƒe.
T a certaine time thei b°ought child°en vnto
Ch°i¥ that he ƒhould touch them, and his
diƒciples rebuked thoƒe that b°ought them.
But when Jeƒus ƒawe it, he was diƒpleaƒed,
and ƒayed vnto them: Suffre lytle chyld°en
to come vnto me, and fo°bidde them not, fo° to ƒuche belongeth
the kingdome of God. Verely I ƒaye vnto you,
whoƒoeuer doeth not receyue the kingdom of God as a lytle
chylde, he ƒhall not enter therm. And when he had taken
them vp in his armes, he put his handes vpon them, and
bli±ed them.
Marke x.

After the ghoƒpell is read: the mini¥er ƒhall make this
exho°tacion vpon the woo°des of the ghoƒpell.
Rendes ye heare in this ghoƒpell the woo°des of our
Saueoure Ch°i¥, that he commaunded the child°en
to be b°ought vnto him, how he blamed thoƒe that would haue
kept them from hym, howe he exho°ted all men to folowe
their innocencie: Ye perceiue how by his outward ge¥ure
and dede he declared his good wyll towarde them, fo° he
emb°aced them in his armes, he layed his handes vpon them, 
P°iuate Baptiƒme
and ble±ed them. Doubt you not therfo°e, but earne¥ly
beleue, that he hath lykewyƒe fauourably receyued this
p°eƒente infante, that he hath emb°aced him with the armes
of his mercy, that he hath geuen vnto him the ble±ing of
eternal lyfe, and made him partaker of his euerla¥ing
kingdom. Wherfo°e we beyng thus perƒuaded of the good
will of oure heauenly father, declared by his ƒonne Jeƒus
Ch°i¥ towardes this infante: Let vs faythfully and
deuoutly geue thankes vnto him, and ƒaye the p°ayer whiche
the Lo°de himƒelfe taught; and in declaracion of our fayth,
let vs alƒo recyte the articles conteined in our Crede.
Here the mini¥er with the God/athers and Godmothers
ƒhall ƒaye.
O Ur father whiche arte in heauen, halowed be thy
name, &c.
Then ƒhall they ƒaye the Crede, and then the p°ie¥e ƒhall
demaund the name of the childe, whiche beyng by the
Godfathers & Godmothers p°onounced, the mini¥er ƒhall
ƒaye.
N. Doe¥ thou fo°ƒake the deuill and all his wo°kes?
Aunƒwere.
I fo°ƒake them.
Mini¥er.
Doe¥ thou fo°ƒake the vaine pompe and glo°y of the
wo°lde, with all the couetous deƒyres of theƒame?
Aunƒwere.
I fo°ƒake them.
Mini¥er.
Doe¥ thou fo°ƒake the carnall deƒyres of the fleƒh, ƒo that
thou wilt not folowe and be led by them?
Aunƒwere.
I fo°ƒake them.
Mini¥er.
Doe¥ thou beleue in God the father almyghtie, maker of
heauen and yearth? 
P°iuate Baptiƒme
Aunƒwere.
I beleue.
Mini¥er.
Doe¥ thou beleue in Jeƒus Ch°i¥e hys onely begotten ƒonne
our lo°de, and that he was conceyued by the holy Go¥, bo°ne
of the virgin Marie, that he ƒuffered vnder Pontius Pilate,
was crucifyed, dead and buried, that he went downe into
hel, and alƒo did ariƒe againe the third day, that he aƒcended
into heauen, & ƒitteth on the righte hande of god the father almightie:
And from thence ƒhal come agayn at the ende of the
wo°ld to iudge the quicke and the dead, doe¥ thou beleue
thuƒ?
Aunƒwere.
I beleue.
Mini¥er.
Doe¥ thou beleue in the holy go¥e, the holy catholyke
Churche, the Communion of Saintes, Remi±ion of ƒinnes,
Reƒurreccion of the fleƒh, and euerla¥ing life after deth?
Aunƒwere.
I beleue.
Then the mini¥er ƒhal put the white ve¥ure, commonly
colled the Cryƒome, vpon the childe, ƒaying.
Ake thys whyte ve¥ure fo° a token of the innocencie
whiche by goddes grace in the holy ƒacramente
of baptyƒme is geuen vnto thee, and fo° a
ƒigne wherby thou art admoniƒhed ƒo long as thou ƒhalt lyue,
to geue thyƒelfe to innocencye of liuyng, that after this
tranƒito°y life, thou maie¥ be partaker of the life euerla¥ing.
Amen.
¶ Let vs p°ay.
Lmightie and euerla¥ing god heauenly father, wee
geue thee humble thankes that thou ha¥ vouche-
ƒafed to cal vs to the knowlege of thy grace, and faith in
thee: Increaƒe and confirme this fayth in vs euermo°e:
Geue thy holy ƒpirite to this infant, that he being bo°ne
agayne, and beeing made heyre of euerla¥ing ƒaluacion
th°ough our lo°d Jeƒus Ch°i¥, may continue thy ƒeruaunt,
and attein thy p°omiƒes th°ough the ƒame our lo°de Jeƒus 
P°iuate Baptiƒme
Ch°i¥e thy ƒonne, who liueth and reigneth with the in vnitie
of the ƒame holy ƒpirite euerla¥inglye. Amen.
Then ƒhall the mini¥er make this exho°tacion, to the
Godfathers, and Godmothers.
F O°asmuche as this chylde hath p°omiƒed by you to
fo°ƒake the deuil and al his wo°kes, to beleue in god, & to
ƒerue him, you mu¥ remember that it is your partes and
duetie to ƒee that this infant be taught, ƒo ƒone as he ƒhalbe
able to learne, what a ƒolemne vowe, p°omiƒe, and p°ofe±ion
he hath made by you, and that he may know theƒe thinges
the better, ye ƒhall call vpon hym to heare ƒermons: And
chiefly ye ƒhal p°ouide that he may learne the Crede, the
Lo°des p°ayer, and the ten commaundementes in the engliƒh
tong, and al other thinges which a ch°i¥ian man ought to
know and beleue to his ƒoules health, and that this childe
may bee vertuouƒly b°ought vp, to leade a godly and a
ch°i¥ian life. Rememb°ing alway that baptiƒme doeth rep°eƒent
vnto vs our p°ofe±ion, which is to folow thexample
of our ƒauiour Ch°i¥e, and to be made like vnto him, that as
he died and roƒe again fo° vs: ƒo ƒhould we whiche are
baptized dye from ƒin, and ryƒe againe vnto righteouƒnes,
continually mo°tifying al our euil & co°rupt affeccions, and
dayly p°oceding in al vertue and godlines of liuing.
&c. As in Publike Baptiƒme.
¶ But if they which b°ing the infantes to the church, do make an
vncertain anƒwere to the p°ie¥es que¥ions, and ƒay that they
can not tel what they thought, did, o° ƒayde in that great feare
and trouble of mynde: (as oftentymes it chaunƒeth) Then let
the p°ie¥ Baptize him in fo°me aboue written, concernyng
publyke Baptiƒme, ƒauyng that at the dyppyng of the childe
its the fonte, he ƒhalt vƒe this fo°me of woo°des.
IF thou be not Baptized already .N. I Baptize thee in the
name of the father, and of the ƒonne, and of the holy go¥. Amen.
The water in the fonte ƒhalbe chaunged euery moneth once at the
le¥, and afo°e any child be Baptized in the water ƒo chaunged, the
p°ie¥ ƒhall ƒay at the font theƒe p°ayers folowing. 
P°iuate Baptiƒme
moste mercifull god our ƒauioure Jeƒu Ch°i¥,
who ha¥ o°deyned the element of water fo° the
regeneracion of thy faythful people, vpon whom,
beyng baptiƒed in the riuer of Jo°dane, the holye gho¥e came
down in the likene±e of a dooue: Sende down we beƒeche
thee the ƒame thy holye ƒpirite to a±i¥e vs, and to bee p°eƒent
at this our inuocacion of thy holy name: Sanctifie this
fountaine of baptiƒme, thou that art the ƒanctifier of al
thynges, that by the power of thy wo°de, all thoƒe that ƒhall
he baptized therein, maye be ƒpirituallye regenerated, and
made the child°en of euerla¥ing adopcion. Amen.
O mercifull God , graunte that the olde Adam, in them that
ƒhalbe baptized in this fountayne, maye ƒo be buried, that the
newe man may be raiƒed vp agayne. Amen.
Graunt that all carnal affeccions maie die in them; and
that all thynges belongyng to the ƒpirite maye liue and
growe in them. Amen.
Graunt to all them which at this fountayne fo°ƒake the
deuill and all his wo°kes: that they maye haue power &
¥rength to haue victo°ye and to triumph again¥e hym the
wo°lde and the fleƒhe. Amen.
Whoƒoeuer ƒhal confe±e the, o lo°de: recogniƒe him alƒo in
thy kingdome. Amen.
Graunt that al ƒinne & vice here maie bee ƒo extinct: that thei
neuer haue power to raigne in thy ƒeruauntes. Amen.
Graunte that whoƒoeuer here ƒhall begynne to be of thy
flocke: maie euermo°e continue in the ƒame. Amen.
Graunt that all they which fo° thy ƒake in this life doe denie
and fo°ƒake themƒelfes: may winne and purchaƒe thee (o
lo°d) which art euerla¥ing treaƒure. Amen. 
P°iuate Baptiƒme
Graunt that whoƒoeuer is here dedicated to thee by our
office & mini¥erie: maye alƒo bee endewed with heauenly
vertues, & euerla¥inglye rewarded th°ough thy mercie, O
Ble±ed lo°de God, who doe¥ liue and gouerne al thinges
wo°ld without ende. Amen.
The Lo°de be with you.
Anƒwere.
And with thy ƒpirite.
Lmightye euerliuing God, whoƒe mo¥e derely beloued
ƒonne Jeƒus Ch°i¥e, fo° the fo°geuene±e of
our ƒinnes did ƒhead out of his mo¥e p°ecious ƒide bothe
water and bloude, and gaue commaundemente to his diƒciples
that they ƒhoulde goe teache all nacions, and baptiƒe
them in the name of the father, the ƒonne, and
the holye gho¥e: Regarde, we beƒeche
thee, the ƒupplicacions of thy
congregacion, and graunte
that all thy ƒeruauntes
which ƒhall bee baptized
in this water
p°epared fo° the
myny¥racion of thy holy ƒacrament,
maye receiue the fulne±e of thy
grace, and euer remaine
in the noumb°e of thy
faithful, and elect
child°en, th°ough Jeƒus Ch°i¥ our Lo°d. 
CONFIRMACION
wherin is conteined a Cathe=
chiƒme fo° child°en.
O thende that confirmacion may be mini¥red to the mo°e edifying
of ƒuche as ƒhall receiue it (acco°ding to Saint Paules
doctrine, who teacheth that all thynges ƒhould be doen in the
churche to the edificacion of the ƒame) it is thought good that
none hereafter ƒhall be confirmed, but ƒuche as can ƒay in they° mother tong,
tharticles of the faith the lo°des p°ayer, and the tenne commaundementes;
And can alƒo aunƒwere to ƒuche que¥ions of this ƒho°te Catechiƒme, as the
Bu±hop (o° ƒuche as he ƒhall appoynte) ƒhall by his diƒcrecion appoƒe them in.
And this o°d°e is mo¥ conuenient to be obƒerued fo° diuers conƒideracions.
¶ Fir¥ becauƒe that whan child°en come to the yeres of diƒcrecion and haue
learned what they° Godfathers and Godmothers p°omiƒed fo° them in Baptiƒme,
they may then themƒelfes with their owne mouth, and with they° owne
conƒent, openly befo°e the churche, ratifie and confe±e the ƒame, and alƒo
p°omiƒe that by the grace of God, they will euermo°e endeuour themƒelues
fiathfully to obƒerue and kepe ƒuch thinges, as they by they° owne mouth and
confe±ion haue a±ented vnto.
¶ Secondly, fo° aƒmuch as confirmacion is mini¥red to them that be
Baptiƒed, that by impoƒicion of handes, and p°aier they may receiue ¥rength
and defence again¥ all temptacions to ƒin, and the a±autes of the wo°lde, and
the deuill: it is mo¥ mete to be mini¥red, when child°en come to that age, that
partly by the frayltie of they° owne fleƒhe, partly by the a±autes of the
wo°ld and the deuil, they begin to be in daungier to fall into ƒinne.
¶ Thirdly, fo° that it is agreeable with the vƒage of the churche in tymes
pa¥, wherby it was o°deined, that Confirmacion ƒhould bee mini¥red to them
that were of perfecte age, that they beyng in¥ructed in Ch°i¥es religion,
ƒhould openly p°ofe±e they° owne fayth, and p°omiƒe to be obedient vnto the
will of God.
¶ And that no manne ƒhall thynke that anye detrimente ƒhall come to
child°en by differryng of they° confirmacion: he ƒhall knowe
fo° trueth, that it is certayn by Goddes woo°de,
that child°en beeyng Baptized (if they
departe out of thys lyfe in they°
infancie) are vndoubtedly
ƒaued.
 
A CATECHISME
that is to ƒay, an in¥ruccion to bee
learned of euery childe, befo°e he
be b°ought to be confirmed
of the Bushop.
 Que¥ion.
What is your name?
Aunƒwere.
N o° M.
Que¥ion.
Who gaue you this name?
Aunƒwere.
My Godfathers and Godmothers in my Baptiƒme,
wherein I was made a member of Ch°i¥e, the childe of
God, and inheritour of the kingdome of heauen.
Que¥ion.
What did your Godfathers & Godmothers then fo° you?
Aunƒwere.
They did p°omiƒe and vowe th°ee thinges in my name.
Fir¥, that I ƒhould fo°ƒake the deuil and all his wo°kes and
pompes, the vanities of the wicked wo°lde, and all the ƒinne
full lu¥es of the fleƒhe. Secondly, that I ƒhould beleue all
the articles of the Ch°i¥ian fayth. And thirdly, that I
ƒhould kepe Goddes holy will and commaundementes and
walke in the ƒame al the daies of my life.
Que¥ion.
Dooe¥ thou not thinke that thou arte bound to beleue, and to
doe as they haue p°omiƒed fo° thee?
Aunƒwere. 
Confirmation.
Yes verely. And by Gods helpe ƒo I wil. And I hartily
thanke our heauenlye father, that he hath called me to thys
¥ate of ƒaluacion, th°ough Jeƒus Ch°i¥e our ƒaueour And I
p°ay God to geue me hys grace, that I may continue in the
ƒame vnto my liues ende.
 Que¥ion.
Rehearƒe the articles of thy beliefe.
Ibe
ea
Aunƒwere.
leue in God the father almightie, maker of heauen and
rth. And in Jeƒus Ch°i¥ his only ƒonne our lo°d.
Whiche was conceiued by the holy go¥, bo°ne of the virgin
Marie. Suffered vnder Ponce Pilate, was crucified, dead
and buried, he deƒcended into hel. The third day he roƒe
agayn from the dead. He aƒcended into heauen, and ƒitteth
on the right hande of God the father almightie. From thence
ƒhal he come to iudge the quicke & the dead. I beleue in the
holy go¥e. The holye catholike church. The communion of
ƒaintes. The fo°geuenes of ƒinnes. The reƒurreccion of the
bodie. And the lyfe euerla¥ing. Amen.
Que¥ion.
What dooe¥ thou chiefely learne in theƒe articles of thy
beliefe?
Aunƒwere.
Fir¥e, I learne to beleue in God the father, who hath made
me and all the wo°lde.
Secondely, in God the ƒonne who hath redemed me and all
mankinde.
Thirdly, in god the holy go¥e, who ƒanctifyeth me and all
the electe people of god.
Que¥ion.
You ƒayde that your Godfathers and Godmothers dyd
p°omyƒe fo° you that ye ƒhould kepe Goddes commaundementes.
Tell me how many there bee.
Confirmation.
Aunƒwere.
Tenne.
Que¥ion.
Whiche be they?
Aunƒwere.
T Hou ƒhaltehaue none other Godsbut me.
ii. Thou ƒhalte not make to thyƒelfe anye grauen
image, no° the likene±e of any thyng that is in heauen aboue,
o° in the earth beneath, no° in the water vnder the earth: thou
ƒhalt not bowe downe to them, no° wurƒhip them.
iii. Thou ƒhalt not take the name of the lo°d thy God in
vayne.
iiii. Remember that thou kepe holy the Sabboth day.
v. Hono° thy father and thy mother.
vi. Thou ƒhalt doe no murd°e.
vii. Thou ƒhalt not commit adultry.
viii. Thou ƒhalt not ¥eale.
ix. Thou ƒhalt not beare falƒe witnes again¥ thy neighbour.
x. Thou ƒhalt not couet thy neighbours wife, no° his ƒeruaunt,
no° his mayde, no° his Oxe, no° his A±e, no° any
thing that is his.
Que¥ion.
What dooe¥ thou chiefely leame by theƒe commaundemente?

Aunƒwere.
I learne two thinges: My duetie towardes god, and my
duetie towardes my neighbour.
Que¥ion.
What is thy duetie towardes god?
Aunƒwere.
My duetie towardes God is, to beleue in him. To feare
him. And to loue him with al my hart, with al my mind,
with al my ƒoule, and with all my ¥rength. To wurƒhip
him. To geue him thankes. To put my whole tru¥e in
hym. To call vpon him. To hono° his holy name and his
wo°d, and to ƒerue him truely all the daies of my life. 
Confirmation.
Que¥ion.
What is thy dutie towardes thy neighboure?
Anƒwere.
My duetie towardes my neighbour is, to loue hym as my
ƒelfe. And to do to al men as I would they ƒhould do to me.
To loue, honour, and ƒuccoure my father and mother. To
honour and obey the kyng and his mini¥ers. To ƒubmitte
myƒelfe to all my gouernours, teachers, ƒpirituall pa¥ours,
and mai¥ers. To o°d°e myƒelfe lowlye and reuerentelye to
al my betters. To hurte no bodie by woo°de no° dede. To
bee true and iu¥ in al my dealing. To beare no malice no°
hatred in my heart. To kepe my handes from picking and
¥ealing, and my tongue from euill ƒpeaking, liyng, and
ƒlaund°ing. To kepe my body in temperaunce, ƒob°enes, and
cha¥itie. Not to couet no° deƒire other mennes goodes. But
learne and laboure truely to geate my owne liuing, and to
doe my duetie in that ¥ate of life: vnto which it ƒhal pleaƒe
God to cal me.
Que¥ion.
My good ƒonne, knowe this, that thou arte not hable to do
theƒe thinges of thy ƒelf, no° to walke in the commaundementes
of God and to ƒerue him, without his ƒpeciall grace,
which thou mu¥e leame at all times to cal fo° by diligent
p°ayer. Leat me heare therfo°e if thou can¥ ƒay the Lo°des
p°ayer.
Anƒwere.
Ur father whiche art in heauen, halowed bee thy
name. Thy kyngdome come. Thy wil bee done
in earth as it is in heauen. Geue vs this day our
dailye b°eade. And fo°gene vs our treƒpa±es, as we fo°geue
them that treƒpa±e again¥e vs. And leade vs not into
temptacion, but deliuer vs from euil. Amen.
Que¥ion.
What deƒire¥e thou of God in this p°ayer?
Anƒwere.
I deƒire my lo°d god our heauenly father, who is the geuer
of al goodnes, to ƒend his grace vnto me, and to all people, 
Confirmation.
that we may wurƒhip him, ƒerue hym, and obey him, as we
ought to doe. And I p°aye vnto God, that he will ƒende vs al
thynges that be nedeful both fo° our ƒoules and bodies: And
that he wil bee mercifull vnto vs, & fo°geue vs our ƒinnes:
And that it will pleaƒe him to ƒaue & defende vs in al
daungers go¥ and bodily: And that he wil kepe vs from al
ƒinne and wickednes, & from our go¥ly enemye, and from
euerla¥yng death. And this I tru¥e he wil doe of his mercie
and goodnes, th°ough our lo°de Jeƒu Ch°i¥e. And therefo°e I
ƒay, Amen. So be it.
¶ So ƒoone as the child°en can ƒay in their mother tongue tharticles
of the faith, the lo°des p°aier, the ten commaundementes, and alƒo
can aunƒwere to ƒuch que¥ions of this ƒho°t Cathechiƒme as the
Buƒhop (o° ƒuche as he ƒhall appointe) ƒhal by hys diƒcrecion appoƒe
them in: then ƒhall they bee b°ought to the Buƒhop by one that
ƒhalbee his godfather o° godmother, that euerye childe maye haue a
wittene±e of hys confirmacion.
¶ And the Buƒhop ƒhal confirme
them on this wyƒe.
Confirmation.
Our helpe is in the name of the Lo°de.
Anƒwere.
Whiche hath made both heauen and yearth.
Mini¥er.
Ble±ed is the name of the lo°de.
Anƒwere.
Hencefo°th wo°lde without ende.
Mini¥er.
The lo°de be with you.
Anƒwere.
And with thy ƒpirite.
Let vs p°aye.
A lmighty and euerliuing God, who ha¥ voucheƒafed to
regenerate theƒe thy ƒeruauntes of water & the holy
go¥e: And ha¥e geuen vnto them fo°geuene±e of all their
ƒinnes: Sende downe from heauen we beƒeche thee, (O 
Confirmation.
lo°de) vpon them thy holy go¥ the coumfo°ter, with the
manifold giftes of grace, the ƒpirite of wiƒdom and vnder-
¥andyng: the ƒpirite of counƒell and go¥ly ¥rength; The
ƒpirite of knowledge and true godline±e, and fulfil them (o
lo°d) with the ƒpirite of thy holy feare.
Aunƒwere.
Amen.
Mini¥er.
Signe them (o lo°de) and marke them to be thyne fo° euer,
by the vertue of thy holye cro±e and pa±ion. Confirme and
¥rength them with the inward vnccion of thy holy go¥,
mercifully vnto euerla¥ing life. Amen.
Then the Buƒhop ƒhal cro±e them in the fo°ehead, and lay
his handes vpon they° heades ƒaying
N. I ƒigne thee with the ƒigne of the cro±e, and laye my
hande vpon thee. In the name of the father, and of the ƒonne,
and of the holy go¥. Amen.
And thus ƒhall he doe to euery childe one after another.
And whan he hath layed hys hande vpon euery chylde,
then ƒhall he ƒay.
The peace of the lo°de abide with you.
Aunƒwere.
And with thy ƒpirite.
¶ Let vs p°ay.
A Lmightie euerliuing god, which make¥ vs both to will
and to doe thoƒe thinges that bee good and acceptable
vnto thy maie¥ie: we make our humble ƒupplicacions vnto
thee fo° theƒe child°en, vpon whome (after thexample of thy
holy Apo¥les) we haue laied our handes, to certify them
(by this ƒigne) of thy fauour and gracious goodnes toward
them: leat thy fatherly hand (we beƒeche thee) euer be ouer
them, let thy holy ƒpirite euer bee with them, and ƒo leade
them in the knowledge and obedience of thy woo°d, that in
the end they may obtein the life euerla¥ing, th°ough our lo°d
Jeƒus Ch°i¥, who with thee and the holy go¥e liueth and
reyneth one god wo°ld without ende. Amen. 
Confirmation.
Then ƒhall the Bu±hop bli±e
the child°en, thus ƒaying.
The bli±ing of god almightie, the father, the ƒonne, and the
holy go¥e, be vpon you, and remayne with you fo°e euer.
Amen.
The curate of euery pariƒh once in ƒixe wekes at the lea¥ vpon
warnyng by him geuen, ƒhal vpon ƒome Soonday o° holy day, half
an houre befo°e euenƒong openly in the churche in¥ructe and examine
ƒo many child°en of his pariƒh ƒent vnto him, as the time wil ƒerue, &
as he ƒhal thinke conueniente, in ƒome parte of this Cathechiƒme. And
all fathers, mothers, mai¥ers, and dames, ƒhall cauƒe they° child°en,
ƒeruountes, & p°entiƒes (whiche are not yet confirmed), to come to
the churche at the daie appoynted, and obediently heare & be o°dered
by the curate, vntil ƒuche time as they haue learned all that is here
appointed fo° them to learne.
¶ And whanƒoeuer the Buƒhop ƒhal geue knowlage fo° child°en to be
b°ought afo°e him to any conuenient place, fo° their confirmacion:
Then ƒhal the curate of euery pariƒh either b°ing o° ƒend in writing,
ye names of al thoƒe child°en of his pariƒh which can ƒay tharticles of
they° faith, the lo°des p°aier, and the ten commaundementes. And
alƒo how many of them can anƒwere to thother que¥ions conteined in
this Cathechiƒme.
¶ And there ƒhal none be admitted to the holye communion vntil
ƒuche time as he be confirmed. 
THE FORME OF
Splemnization of
matrimonie.
¶ Fir¥ the bannes mu¥ be aƒked th°ee ƒeueral Soondayes o° holye
dayes. in the ƒeruice tyme, the people beeyng p°eƒente, after the
accu¥omed maner.
And if the perƒones that woulde bee maried dwel indiuers pariƒhes,
the bannes mu¥e bee aƒked in bothe pariƒhes, and the curate of thone
pariƒh ƒhall not ƒolemnize matrimonie betwixt them, withoute a
certificate of the bannes beeyng th°iƒe aƒked from the curate of
thother pariƒhe.
At the daye appointed fo° Solemnizacion of matrimonie, the
perƒones to be maried ƒhal come into the bodie of ye churche, with
they° frendes and neighbours. And there the p°ie¥ ƒhal thus ƒaye.
Eerely beloued frendes, we are gathered together
here in the ƒyght of God, and in the face of
his congregacion, to ioyne together this man,
and this woman in holy matrimonie, which is
an hono°able e¥ate in¥ituted of God in paradiƒe, in the time
of mannes innocencie, ƒignifying vnto vs the mi¥icall vnion
that is betwixte Ch°i¥e and his Churche: whiche holy e¥ate,
Ch°i¥e ado°ned and beutified with his p°eƒence, and fir¥
miracle that he w°ought in Cana of Galile, and is commended
of Sainct Paule to be honourable emong all men,
and therefo°e is not to bee enterp°iƒed, no° taken in hande
vnaduiƒedlye, lightelye, o° wantonly, to ƒatiƒfie mens carnal
lu¥es and appetites, like b°ute bea¥es that haue no vnder-
¥anding: but reuerentely, diƒcretely, aduiƒedly, ƒoberly, and
in the feare of God. Duely conƒideryng the cauƒes fo° the
whiche matrimonie was o°deined. One cauƒe was the
p°ocreacion of child°en, to be b°ought vp in the feare and
nurture of the Lo°d, and p°ayƒe of God. Secondly it was
o°deined fo° a remedie agayn¥ ƒinne, and to auoide fo°nicacion,
that ƒuche perƒones as bee maried, might liue cha¥lie
in matrimonie, and kepe themƒelues vndefiled memb°es of
Ch°i¥es bodye. Thirdelye fo° the mutuall ƒocietie, helpe,
and coumfo°t, that the one oughte to haue of thother, both in 
Of matrimonye.
p°oƒperitie and aduerƒitie. Into the whiche holy e¥ate theƒe
two perƒones p°eƒent: come nowe to be ioyned. Therefo°e if
any man can ƒhewe any iu¥e cauƒe why they maie not
lawfully be ioyned ƒo together: Leat him now ƒpeake, o° els
hereafter fo° euer hold his peace.
And alƒo ƒpeakyng to the perƒones that ƒhalbe maried, he ƒhall ƒaie.
I require and charge you (as you will aunƒwere at the
d°eade full daye of iudgemente, when the ƒecretes of all
hartes ƒhalbee diƒcloƒed) that if either of you doe knowe any
impedimente, why ye maie not bee lawfully ioyned
together in matrimonie, that ye confe±e it. Fo° be ye wel
a±ured, that ƒo manye as bee coupled together otherwaies
then Goddes woo°d doeth allowe: are not ioyned of God,
neither is their matrimonie lawful.
At which daye of mariage yf any man doe allege any impediment
why they maye not be coupled together in matrimonie: And will be
bound, & ƒureties with hym, to the parties, o° els put in a caution to
the full value of ƒuche charges as the perƒones to bee maried dooe
ƒu¥eyne, to p°oue his allegacion: then the Solemnizacion mu¥e bee
differred, vnto ƒuche tyme as the trueth bee tried. Yf no impedimente
bee alleged, then ƒhall the Curate ƒaye vnto the man.
N. wilte thou haue this woman to thy wedded wife, to liue
together after Goddes o°deinaunce in the holy e¥ate of
matrimonie? Wilt thou loue her, coumfo°te her, hono° and
kepe her, in ƒickene±e and in health? And fo°ƒaking all other
kepe thee only to her, ƒo long as you both ƒhall liue?
The man ƒhall aunƒwere,
I will.
Then ƒhall the p°ie¥ ƒaye to the woman.
N. Wilt thou haue this man to thy wedded houƒeband, to
liue together after Goddes o°deinaunce, in the holy e¥ate of
matrimonie? Wilt thou obey him, and ƒerue him, loue, hono°,
and kepe him in ƒickenes and in health? And fo°ƒaking al
other kepe thee onely to him, ƒo long as you bothe ƒhall liue?
Of Matrimonie.
The woman ƒhall aunƒwere
I will.

Then ƒhall the Mini¥er ƒay,
Who geueth this woman to be maried to this man?
And the mini¥er receiuing the woman at her father o°
frendes handes: ƒhall cauƒe the man to take the woman by
the right hande, and ƒo either to geue their trouth to other:
The man fir¥ ƒaying.
I N. take thee .N. to my wedded wife, to haue & to holde
from this day fo°warde, fo° better, fo° wurƒe, fo° richer,
fo° poo°er, in ƒickenes, and in health, to loue and to cheriƒhe,
til death vs departe: acco°ding to Goddes holy o°deinaunce:
And therto I plight thee my trouth.
Then ƒhall they looce they° handes, and the woman
taking again the man by the right hande ƒhall ƒay,
I N. take thee .N. to my wedded huƒbande, to haue and to
holde from this day fo°warde, fo° better, fo° woo°ƒe, fo°
richer, fo° poo°er, in ƒickenes, and in health, to loue,
cheriƒhe, and to obey, till death vs departe: acco°dyng to
Goddes holy o°deinaunce: And thereto I geue thee my
trouth.
Then ƒhall they agayne looce they° handes,
and the manne ƒhall geue vnto the womanne a
ring, and other tokens of ƒpouƒage, as golde o°
ƒiluer, laying the ƒame vpon the boke: And the
p°ie¥ taking the ring ƒhall deliuer it vnto the
man: to put it vpon the fowerth finger of the
womans left hande. And the man taught by
the p°ie¥, ƒhall ƒay.
¶ With thys ring I thee wed: Thys golde and ƒiluer I thee
geue: with my body I thee wurƒhip: and withal my wo°ldly
Goodes I thee endowe. In the name of the father, and of
the ƒonne, and of the holy go¥e. Amen. 
Of Matrimonie.
Then the man leauyng the ring vpon the fowerth finger
of the womans lef hande, the mini¥er ƒhal ƒay,
¶ Let vs p°ay.
O Eternal God creato° and p°eƒeruer of al mankinde,
geuer of al ƒpiritual grace, the autho° of euerla¥ing
life: Sende thy ble±ing vpon theƒe thy ƒeruauntes, thys
manne, and this woman, whome we ble±e in thy name, that
as Iƒaac and Rebecca (after b°acellets and Jewels of golde
geuen of thone to thother fo° tokens of their matrimonie)
liued faithfully together; So theƒe perƒons may ƒurely
perfourme and kepe the vowe and couenaunt betwixt them
made, wherof this ring geuen, and receiued, is a token and
pledge. And may euer remayne in perfite loue & peace together;
And lyue acco°dyng to thy lawes; th°ough Jeƒus
Ch°i¥e our lo°de. Amen.
Then ƒhal the p°ie¥e ioyne they° ryght handes together,
and ƒay.
¶ Thoƒe whome god hath ioyned together: let no man put
a ƒund°e.
Then ƒhall the mini¥er ƒpeake vnto the people.
F O
ho
° aƒmuche as .N. and .N. haue conƒented together in
lye wedlocke, & haue witne±ed theƒame here befo°e
god & this cumpany; And therto haue geuen and pledged
they° trouth eyther to other, and haue declared theƒame by
geuyng and receyuyng golde and ƒyluer, and by ioyning of
handes: I p°onounce that they bee man and wyfe together.
In the name of the father, of the ƒonne, & of the holy go¥.
Amen.
And the mini¥er ƒhall adde this ble±yng.
God the father ble±e you. .God the ƒonne kepe you: god the
holye go¥ lighten your vnder¥anding: The lo°de mercifully
with his fauour loke vpon you, & ƒo fil you with al
ƒpiritual benediction, & grace, that you may haue remi±ion 
Of Matrimonie.
of your ƒinnes in this life, and in the wo°lde to come lyfe
euerla¥yng. Amen.
Then ƒhal they goe into the quier, and the mini¥ers o° clerkes ƒhal
ƒaye o° ƒyng, this pƒalme folowyng.
Le±ed are al they that feare the lo°d, and walke in
his wayes.
Beati omnes
Cxxviii.
Fo° thou ƒhalte eate the laboure of thy handes.
O wel is thee, and happie ƒhalt thou bee.
Thy wife ƒhalbee as the fruitful vine, vpon the walles of
thy houƒe.
Thy child°en like the olife b°aunches rounde about thy table.
Loe, thus ƒhal the man be ble±ed, that feareth the lo°d.
The lo°d from out of Sion, ƒhall ƒo ble±e thee : that thou
ƒhalt ƒee Hieruƒalem in p°oƒperitie, al thy life long.
Yea that thou ƒhalt ƒee thy childers child°en : and peace vpon
Iƒrael.
Glo°y to the father, &c.
As it was in the beginning, &c.
O° els this pƒalme folowyng.
Od be merciful vnto vs, and ble±e vs, and ƒhew vs
the lighte of his countenaunce : and bee mercifull
vnto vs.
Deus miſereatur
nori.
Pſalm lxvii.
That thy waye maye bee knowen vpon yearth, thy ƒauing
health emong all nacions.
Leate the people p°aiƒe thee (o god) yea leate all people
p°ayƒe thee.
O leate the nacions reioyce and bee glad, fo° thou ƒhalte
iudge the folke righteouƒly, and gouerne the nacions vpon
yearth.
Leat the people p°ayƒe thee (o god) leat al people p°ayƒe the.
Then ƒhal the yearth b°ing foo°th her increaƒe : and god,
euen our owne God, ƒhal geue vs his ble±yng.
God ƒhah ble±e vs, and all the endes of the wo°lde ƒhall feare
hym.
Glo°y to the father, &c.
As it was in the beginning, &c. 
Of Matrimonye.
The pƒalme ended, and the maune and woman knelyng afo°e the aulter: the
p°ie¥e ¥andyng ot the aulter, and turnyng his face to-warde them, ƒhall
ƒaye.
Lo°de haue mercie vpon vs.
Anƒwere.
Ch°i¥e haue mercie vpon vs.
Mini¥er.
Lo°de haue mercie vpon vs.
¶ Our father whiche art in heauen, &c.
And leade vs not into temptacion.
Anƒwere.
But deliuer vs from euill. Amen.
Mini¥er.
O lo°de ƒaue thy ƒeruaunte, and thy handmaide.
Anƒwere.
Whiche put they° tru¥e in the.
Mini¥er.
O lo°de ƒende them helpe from thy holy place.
Anƒwere.
And euermo°e defende them.
Mini¥er.
Bee vnto them a tower of ¥rength.
Anƒwere.
From the face of their enemie.
Mini¥er.
O lo°de heare my p°ayer.
Anƒwere.
And leate my crie come vnto the.
The Mini¥er.
 Leat vs p°aye.
God of Ab°aham, God of Iƒaac, God of Jacob,
ble±e theƒe thy ƒeruauntes, and ƒowe the ƒeede of
eternall life in their mindes, that whatƒoeuer in
thy holy woo°de they ƒhall p°ofitablye learne: they may in
dede fulfill the ƒame. Looke, O Lo°d, mercifully vpon
them from heauen, and ble±e them: And as thou didde¥ 
Of Matrimonie.
ƒende thy Aungell Raphaell to Thobie, and Sara, the
daughter of Raguel, to their great comfo°t: ƒo vouchƒafe to
ƒend thy ble±yng vpon theƒe thy ƒeruauntes, that thei obeyng
thy wil, and alwaye beyng in ƒafetie vnder thy p°oteccion:
may abyde in thy loue vnto they° lyues ende: th°oughe Jeƒu
Ch°i¥e our Lo°de. Amen.
This p°ayer folowing ƒhalbe omitted where the woman is pa¥
childe by°th.
Merciful Lo°d, & heauenly father, by whoƒe
gracious gifte mankind is increaƒed: We beƒeche
thee a±i¥e with thy ble±ing theƒe two perƒones,
that they may both be fruictful in p°ocreacion of child°en:
and alƒo liue together ƒo long in godlye loue & hone¥ie: that
they may ƒee their childers child°en, vnto the thirde and
fourth generacion, vnto thy p°ayƒe and honour: th°ough
Jeƒus Ch°i¥e our Lo°de. Amen.
God whiche by thy myghtye power ha¥e made
all thinges of naughte, whiche alƒo after other
thinges ƒet in o°der didde¥e appoint that out of
man (created after thine own image & ƒimilitude) woman
ƒhould take her beginning: & knitting them together, didde¥
teache, that it ƒhould neuer be lawful to put a ƒond°e thoƒe,
whome thou by matrimonie hadde¥e made one: O god,
whiche ha¥ conƒecrated the ¥ate of matrimonie, to ƒuch an
excellent mi¥erie, that in it is ƒignified & rep°eƒented the
ƒpirituall mariage and vnitie betwixte Ch°i¥e & his churche:
Loke mercifully vpon theƒe thy ƒeruaunts, that both this
manne may loue his wyfe, acco°dyng to thy woo°d, (as
Ch°i¥ did loue his ƒpouƒe the churche, who gaue himƒelf fo°
it, louing and cheriƒhing it euen as his own fleƒh:) And alƒo
that this woman may be louing & amiable to her houƒeband
as Rachel, wiƒe as Rebecca, faithful & obedient as Sara;
And in al quietnes, ƒob°ietie, and peace, bee a folower of holy 
Of Matrimonie.
and godhye matrones. O lo°de, ble±e them bothe, and
graunte them to inherite thy euerla¥yng kyngdome,
th°oughe Jeƒu Ch°i¥e our Lo°de. Amen.
Then ƒhall the p°ie¥e ble±e the man and the woman, ƒaiyng
Almighty god, which at the beginnyng did create oure fir¥e
parentes Adam and Eue, and dyd ƒanctifte and ioyne them
together in mariage: Pow°e vpon you the ryche±e of his
grace, ƒanctifie and bli±e you, that ye may pleaƒe him
bothe in bodye and ƒoule; and liue together in holy loue vnto
your liues ende. Amen.
Then ƒhalbee ƒayed after the goƒpell a ƒermon, wherein o°dinarily (ƒo
oft as there is any mariage) thoffice of man and wife ƒhall bee
declared acco°ding to holy ƒcripture. Or if there be no ƒermon, the
mini¥er ƒhall reade this that foloweth.
AL ye whiche bee maried, o° whiche entende to take the
holye e¥ate of matrimonie vpon you: heare what holye
ƒcripture dooeth ƒaye, as touchyng the duetye of houƒebandes
towarde their wiues, and wiues towarde they° houƒebandes.
Saincte Paule (in his epi¥le to the Epheƒians the fyfth
chapter) doeth geue this commaundement to al maried
men.
Ye houƒebandes loue your wiues, euen as Ch°i¥ loued the
churche, and hathe geuen hymƒelfe fo° it, to ƒanctifie it,
purgeyng it in the fountayne of water, th°oughe the wo°d,
that he might make it vnto himƒelf, a glo°ious congregacion,
not hauing ƒpot o° w°incle, o° any ƒuch thing but that it
ƒhould be holy & blameles. So men are bounde to loue their
owne wiues as their owne bodies: he that loueth his owne
wife, loueth himƒelf. Fo° neuer did any man hate his owne
fleƒh, but nouriƒheth and cheriƒheth it, euen as the lo°de doeth
the congregacion, fo° wee are memb°es of his bodie, of his
fleƒhe, and of his bones. Fo° this cauƒe ƒhal a man leaue
father and mother, and ƒhalbe ioyned vnto his wife, & they 
Of Matrimonie.
two ƒhalbe one fleƒhe. This mi¥ery is great, but I ƒpeake of
Ch°i¥ and of the congregacion. Neuerthele±e let euery one
of you ƒo loue his owne wife, euen as himƒelfe.
Likewiƒe the ƒame Saint Paule (w°iting to the Colo±ians)
ƒpeaketh thus to al menne that be maried: Ye men, loue
your wiues and be not bitter vnto them.
Coloß. iii.
Heare alƒo what ƒaint Peter thapo¥le of Ch°i¥, (which was
himƒelfe a maried man,) ƒayeth vnto al menne that are
maried Ye huƒbandes, dwel with your wiues acco°ding to
knowledge: Geuyng hono° vnto the wife, as vnto the weaker
ve±el, and as hey°es together of the grace of lyfe, ƒo that
your p°ayers be not hind°ed.
1 Pet. iii.
Hitherto ye haue heard the duetie of the huƒbande
towarde the wife.
Nowe lykewiƒe, ye wiues, heare and lerne your
duetie toward your huƒbandes, euen as it is
playnely ƒet furth in holy ƒcripture.
Saint Paul (in the fo°enamed epi¥le to the Epheƒians)
teacheth you thus: Ye weomen ƒubmit yourƒelues vnto
your own huƒbandes as vnto the lo°d: fo° the huƒband is the
wiues head, euen as Ch°i¥ is the head of the church: And he
alƒo is the ƒauiour of the whole bodye. Therefo°e as the
Churche, o° congregacyon, is ƒubiecte vnto Ch°i¥e: So
lykewiƒe let the wiues alƒo be in ƒubieccyon vnto they° owne
huƒbandes in all thynges. And agayn he ƒayeth: Let the
wife reuerence her huƒbande. And (in his epi¥le to the
Colo±ians) Saincte Paule geueth you this ƒho°t le±on. Ye
wiues, ƒubmit yourƒelues vnto your owne huƒbandes, as it
is conueniente in the Lo°de.
Ephe. v.
Coloß. iii.
Of Matrimonie.
i. Peter iii. Saincte Peter alƒo doeth in¥ructe you very godly, thus
ƒaying, Let wiues be ƒubiect to they° owne huƒbandes, ƒo that
if any obey not the woo°de, they may bee wonne without the
woo°de, by the conuerƒacyon of the wiues: Whyle they
beholde your cha¥e conuerƒacyon, coupled with feare, whoƒe
apparell let it not bee outwarde, with b°oyded heare, and
trymmyng about with golde, either in putting on of go°-
geous apparell: But leat the hyd [hid] man whiche is
in the hearte, be without all co°rupcion, ƒo that the
ƒpirite be milde and quiete, which is a p°ecious
thing in the ƒight of god. Fo° after this maner
(in the olde tyme) did the holy women,
which tru¥ed in God, apparell them-
ƒelues, beeing ƒubiecte to they° own
huƒbandes: as Sara obeied Ab°aham
calling him lo°de, whoƒe
daughters ye are made,
doing wel, and being
not diƒmaied
with any
feare.
(. . .)
The newe maried perƒones (the ƒame daye of
their mariage) mu¥ receiue the holy communion. 
THE ORDER FOR
the viƒitacion of the ƒicke,
and the Communion
of theƒame
¶ The P°ie¥e entring into the ƒicke perƒones houƒe, ƒhall ƒaye.
Peace be in this houƒe, and to all that dwell in it.
When he commeth into the ƒicke mannes p°eƒence, he ƒhall ƒaye
this pƒalme.
Eare my p°ayer, (o lo°de,) and Conƒider my
deƒire : herken vnto me fo° thy trueth and righteouƒnes
ƒake.
Domine exaudi.
Pſalm
C.xliii.
And entre not into iudgemente with thy ƒeruaunt : fo° in thy
ƒight ƒhal no man liuing be iu¥ified.
Fo° the enemie bath perƒecuted my ƒoule : he hath ƒmitten
my life downe to the grounde : he hath laied me in the
darkene±e, as the men that haue bene long dead.
Therefo°e is my ƒpirite vexed within me : and my harte
within me is deƒolate.
Yet doe I rememb°e the time pa¥e, I muƒe vpon all thy
woo°kes : yea, I exerciƒe myƒelfe in the wo°kes of thy handes.
I ¥retche fo°th mine handes vnto the : my ƒoule gaƒpeth
vnto the as a thy°¥ie lande.
Heare me, (o lo°de) and that ƒoone : fo° my ƒpirite weaxeth
faint : hide not thy face from me, le¥ I be like vnto them
that goe downe into the pitte.
O leate me heare thy louyng-kyndene±e betimes in the
mo°ning, fo° in thee is my tru¥ : ƒhewe thou me the waie
that I ƒhould walke in fo° I lift vp ƒoule vnto thee.
Deliuer me, (o lo°de,) from myne enemies : fo° I flye vnto
thee to hide me.
Teache me to dooe the thynge, that pleaƒeth thee, fo° thou 
The viƒitacion of the ƒicke.
art my god, leate thy louing ƒpirite leade me foo°th vnto the
lande of righteouƒne±e.
Quicken me, (o lo°de) fo° thy names ƒake, and fo° thy
righteouƒne±e ƒake b°ing my ƒoule out of trouble.
And of thy goodne±e ƒlaie my enemies and de¥roye all
them that vexe my ƒoule, fo° I am thy ƒeruaunt.
Glo°y to the father and to the ƒonne, &c.
As it was in the beginning, &c.
¶ With this antheme.
Rememb°e not Lo°d our iniquities, no° the iniquities of our
fo°efathers. Spare vs good Lo°d, ƒpare thy people, whom
thou ha¥ redemed with thy mo¥ p°ecious bloud, and be not
angry with vs fo°euer.
Lo°de haue mercye vpon vs.
Ch°i¥e haue mercie vpon vs.
Lo°de haue mercie vpon vs.
Our father, whiche art in heauen, &c.
And leade vs not into temptacion.
Anƒwere.
But deliuer vs from euill. Amen.
The mini¥er.
O lo°de ƒaue thy ƒeruaunte.
Anƒwere.
Whiche putteth his tru¥ in the.
Mini¥er.
Sende hym helpe from thy holy place.
Anƒwere.
And euermo°e mightily defende hym.
Mini¥er.
Leat the enemie haue none aduauntage of hym.
Anƒwere.
No° the wicked app°oche to hurte hym.
Mini¥er.
Bee vnto hym, o lo°de, a ¥rong tower.
Anƒwere.
From the face of his enemie.
Mini¥er.
Lo°d heare my p°ayer. 
The viƒitacion of the ƒicke.
Anƒwer.
And let my crye come vnto thee.
Mini¥er.
Let vs p°aye.
Lo°d looke downe from heauen, beholde, viƒite,
and releue this thy ƒeruaunte: Looke vpon hym
with the iyes of thy mercy, geue hym coumfo°te,
and ƒure confidence in thee: Defende him from the daunger
of the enemie, and kepe hym in perpetual peace, and ƒafetie:
th°ough Jeƒus Ch°i¥e our Lo°de. Amen.
Eare vs, almightie and mo¥e merciful God, and
Sauiour: Extende thy accu¥omed goodne±e to
this thy ƒeruaunt, which is greued with ƒickene±e: Viƒite
hym, o Lo°de, as thou didde¥ viƒite Peters wifes mother,
and the Capitaines ƒeruaunt. And as thou p°eƒerued¥ Thobie
and Sara by thy Aungel from daunger: So re¥o°e vnto
this ƒicke perƒon his fo°mer helth, (if it be thy will,) o° els
geue hym grace ƒo to take thy co°reccion, that after this
painfull lyfe ended, he maye dwell with thee in lyfe euerla¥yng.
Amen.
Then ƒhall the Mini¥er exho°te the ƒicke perƒon after this
fourme, o° other lyke.
Erely beloued, know this that almighty God is
the Lo°de ouer lyfe, and death, and ouer all
thynges to them perteyning, as yougth,
¥rength, helth, age, weakene±e, and ƒickene±e.
Wherfo°e, whatƒoeuer your ƒickenes is, knowe you certaynly
that it is Gods viƒitacion. And fo° what cauƒe ƒoeuer
this ƒickene±e is ƒent vnto you; whether it bee to trye your
pacience fo° the example of other, & that your fayth may be
founde, in the day of the Lo°de, laudable, glo°ious, and honourable,
to the encreaƒe of glo°y, and endele±e felicitie:
O°els it be ƒent vnto you to co°recte and amende in you,
whatƒoeuer doeth offende the iyes of our heauenly father:
knowe you certainly, that if you truely repent you of your
ƒynnes, & beare your ƒickenes paciently, tru¥ing in Gods
mercy, fo° his dere ƒonne Jeƒus Ch°i¥es ƒake, and rend°e 
The viƒitacion of the ƒicke.
If the perſon
viſited bee
very ſicke,
then the curate
may end
his exhortacion
at this
place. *
vnto him humble thankes fo° his fatherly viƒitacion, ƒubmytting
yourƒelfe wholy to his wil; it ƒhal turne to your
p°ofite, & helpe you fo°ewarde in the ryght waye that leadeth
vnto euerla¥yng lyfe.* Take therfo°e in good wo°the,
the cha¥ement of the lo°de: Fo° whom the lo°de loueth he
cha¥iƒeth. Yea, (as ƒaincte Paul ƒayth,) he ƒcourgeth euery
ƒonne, which he receiueth: yf you indure cha¥iƒement, he
offereth himƒelfe vnto you as vnto his owne child°en. What
ƒonne is he that the father cha¥iƒeth not? Yf ye be not vnder
co°reccion (wherof all the true child°en are partakers), then
are ye ba¥ardes, and not child°en. Therfo°e ƒeyng that
whan our carnal fathers doe co°rect vs, we reuerently obey
them, ƒhall we not now much rather be obedient to our ƒpirituall
father, & ƒo liue? And they fo° a fewe daies doe cha¥iƒe
vs after they° owne pleaƒure: but he doeth cha¥iƒe vs fo° our
p°ofite, to thentente [the intent] he maye make vs partakers
of his holines. Theƒe wo°des, good b°other, are Gods
wo°des, and w°yten in holy ƒcripture fo° our coumfo°t and
in¥ruccion, that we ƒhould paciently and with thankes
geuyng, beare our heauenly fathers co°reccion: whanƒoeuer
by any maner of aduerƒitie it ƒhall pleaƒe his gracious goodne±e
to viƒite vs. And there ƒhould be no greater coumfo°t to
ch°i¥ian perƒons, then to be made lyke vnto Ch°i¥, by
ƒufferyng paciently aduerƒities, troubles, & ƒickene±es. Fo°
he himƒelfe wente not vp to ioy, but fir¥e he ƒuffered payne:
he entred not into his glo°y, befo°e he was crucified. So
truely our waye to eternall ioy is to ƒuffre here with
Ch°i¥e, and our doo°e to entre into eternal life: is gladly to
dye with Ch°i¥e, that we may ryƒe againe from death, and
dwell with him in euerla¥ing life. Now therfo°e taking
your ƒickene±e, which is thus p°ofitable fo° you, paciently:
I exho°te you in the name of God, to rememb°e the p°ofe±ion,
which you made vnto God in your Baptiƒme. And
fo°aƒmuch as after this lyfe, there is accompte to be geuen
vnto the ryghteous iudge, of whom all mu¥ be iudged
without reƒpecte of perƒons: I require you to examine your-
ƒelfe, and your ¥ate, both towarde God and man, ƒo that 
The viƒitacion of the ƒicke.
accuƒyng and condemnyng yourƒelfe fo° your owne faultes,
you may fynde mercy at our heauenly fathers hande, fo°
Ch°i¥es ƒake, and not be accuƒed and condemned in that
fearfull iudgement. Therfo°e I ƒhall ƒho°tely rehearƒe the
articles of our fayth, that ye maye knowe whether you doe
beleue as a ch°i¥ian manne ƒhould beleue, o° no.
Here the mini¥er ƒhall rehearƒe the articles of the fayth
ƒaying thus.
Doest thou beleue in God the father almyghtie?
And ƒo fo°th as it is in Baptiƒme.
Then ƒhall the mini¥er examine whether he be in
charitie with all the wo°ide: Exho°tyng hym to
fo°geue from the botome of his herte al perƒons, that
haue offended hym, and yf he haue offended other,
to aƒke them fo°geuene±e : and where he hathe done
iniurye o° w°ong to any manne, that he make
amendes to hys vttermo¥e power. And if he haue
not afo°e diƒpoƒed his goodes, let him then make his
will. (But men mu¥ be oft admoniƒhed that they ƒet
an o°d°e fo° their tempo°all goodees & landes whan
they be in helth.) And alƒo to declare his debtes,
what he oweth, & what is owing to him: fo°
diƒcharging of his conƒcience & quietne±e of his
executours. The mini¥er may not fo°get no° omitte
to moue the ƒicke perƒon (and that mo¥e earne¥ly)
to lyberalitie towarde the poo°e.
This may be done
befo°e the mini¥er
begyn his p°ayers, as
he ƒhal ƒee cauƒe.
¶ Here ƒhall the ƒicke perƒon make a ƒpeciall
confe±ion, yf he fele his conƒcience troubled with
any weightie matter. After which confe±ion, the
p°ie¥ ƒhall abƒolue hym after this fo°me: and the
ƒame fo°me of abƒolucion ƒhalbe vƒed its all p°yuate
confe±ions.
Ur Lo°d Jeƒus Ch°i¥, who hath lefte power to
his Churche to abƒolue all ƒinners, which truely
repent and beleue in hym: of his great mercy fo°-
geue thee thyne offences: and by his auto°itie committed to
me, I abƒolue thee from all thy ƒynnes, in the name of the
father, and of the ƒonne, and of the holy go¥. Amen.
And then the p°ie¥ ƒhall ƒaye the collette folowyng.
Let vs p°aye. 
The viƒitacion of the ƒicke.
O Mo¥ mercifull God, which acco°ding to the multitude
of thy mercies, doe¥ ƒo putte away the ƒynnes of thoƒe
which truely repent, that thou rememb°e¥ them nomo°e:
open thy iye of mercy vpon this thy ƒeruaunt, who mo¥e
earne¥ly deƒireth pardon and fo°geuene±e: Renue in hym,
mo¥e louyng father, whatƒoeuer hath been decayed by the
fraude and malice of the deuil, o° by his owne carnall, wyll
& frailne±e: p°eƒerue and continue this ƒicke memb°e in the
vnitie of thy Churche, conƒyder his contricion, accepte his
teares, aƒwage his payne, as ƒhalbe ƒeen to thee mo¥e expedient
fo° him. And fo°aƒmuch as he putteth his full tru¥
only in thy mercy: Impute not vnto him his fo°mer ƒinnes,
but take him vnto thy fauour: th°ough the merites of thy
mo¥e derely beloued ƒonne Jeƒus Ch°i¥e. Amen.
Then the mini¥er ƒhall ƒaye this pƒalme.
IN thee, O Lo°de haue I put my tru¥, let me neuer be
put to confuƒion, but ridde me, and deliuer me into thy
righteouƒnes: enclyne thyne eare vnto me, andƒaue me.
In te domine
ſperaui, pſal.
lXXi.
Be thou my ¥rong holde (wherunto I may alwaye reƒo°te)
thou ha¥e p°omyƒed to helpe me : fo° thou art my houƒe of
defence, and my ca¥ell.
Deliuer me (O my God) out of the hande of the vngodly,
out of the hande of the vnrighteous and cruell man.
Fo° thou (O Lo°d God) art the thyng that I long fo°, thou
art my hope, euen fro my youth.
Th°ough the haue I been holden vp euer ƒince I was bo°ne,
thou art he that tooke me out of my mothers wombe, my
p°ayƒe ƒhalbe alwaye of thee.
I am become as it were a mon¥er vnto many : but my ƒure
tru¥ is in thee.
Oh let my mouth be filled with thy p°ayƒe (that I may
ƒyng of thy glo°y) and honour all the daye long.
Ca¥ me not awaye in the tyme of age, fo°ƒake me not when
my ¥rength fayleth me.
Fo° mine enemies ƒpeake again¥ me : and they that lay
waite fo° my ƒoule take their couƒayle together, ƒaying :
God hath fo°ƒaken hym, perƒecute hym, and take hym, fo° 
The viƒitacion of the ƒicke.
there is none to delyuer hym.
Goe not ferre fro me, O God : my God, ha¥e thee to helpe me.
Let them be confounded and periƒhe, that are again¥e my
ƒoule : let them be couered with ƒhame & diƒhonour, that ƒeke
to doe me euill.
As fo° me, I will paciently abyde alwaye, and wyll p°ayƒe
thee mo°e and mo°e.
My mouth ƒhall dayly ƒpeakeof thy righteouƒnes and ƒaluacion,
fo° I knowe no ende therof.
I will goe fo°th in the ¥rength of the Lo°de God : and will
make mencion of thy righteouƒne±e onely.
Thou (O God) ha¥e taught me from my youth vp vntil
now, therfo°e wil I tel of thy wonderous wo°kes.
Fo°ƒake me not (O God) in myne olde age, when I am
gray headed, vntill I haue ƒhewed thy ¥rength vnto this
generacion, and thy power to all them that are yet fo° to come.
Thy righteouƒne±e (O God) is very high, and great
thinges are they that thou ha¥e doen : O God who is lyke
vnto thee?
O what great troubles & aduerƒities ha¥ thou ƒhewed me?
and yet didde¥ thou turne and refreƒhe me : yea, and
b°oughte¥ me from the depe of the earth agayne.
Thou ha¥e b°ought me to great honour, & coumfo°ted me on
euery ƒide.
Therfo°e will I p°ayƒe thee & thy faithfulnes (O God)
playing vpon an in¥rument of muƒicke, vnto thee will I
ƒyng vpon the harpe, O thou holy one of Iƒrael.
My lippes will be fayne, when I ƒyng vnto thee: and ƒo will
my ƒoule whom thou ha¥e delyuered.
My tounge alƒo ƒhall talke of thy righteouƒne±e all the daye
long, fo° they are confounded and b°ought vnto ƒhame that
ƒeke to doe me euyll.
Glo°y to the father, &c.
As it was in the beginnyng, &c.
Addyng this Anthem.
O Saueourof the wo°ldƒaue vs, whichby thy cro±e and
p°ecious bloud ha¥ redemed vs, helpe vs we beƒeche
The viƒitacion of the ƒicke.
the, O God.
Then ƒhall the mini¥er ƒaye.
T He almighty Lo°d, whiche is mo¥e ¥rong tower to all
them that put their tru¥ in hym, to whom all thynges
in heauen, in earth, and vnder earth, doe bowe and obey: be
now & euermo°e thy defence, and make thee knowe & fele,
that there is no other name vnder heauen geuen to man, in
whom & th°ough whom thou maye¥ receyue helth and ƒaluacion,
but only the name of our Lo°de Jeƒus Ch°i¥e. Amen.
¶ If the ƒicke perƒon deƒy°e to be annoynted, then ƒhal the p°ie¥
annoynte him vpon the fo°ehead o° b°ea¥ only, makyng the ƒigne
of the cro±e, ƒaying thus,
A S with this viƒible oyle thy body outwardly is an- noynted: ƒo our heauenly father almyghtye God,
graunt of his infinite goodne±e, that thy ƒoule inwardly
may be annoynted with the holy go¥, who is the ƒpirite of al
¥rength, coumfo°te, reliefe, and gladne±e. And voucheƒafe
fo° his great mercy (yf it be his ble±ed will) to re¥o°e vnto
thee thy bodely helth, and ¥rength, to ƒerue him, & ƒende thee
releaƒe of al thy paines, troubles, and diƒeaƒes, both in body &
minde. And howƒoeuer his goodne±e (by his diuyne & vn-
ƒerchable p°ouidence) ƒhall diƒpoƒe of thee: we, his vnwo°thy
mini¥ers & ƒeruaunts, humbly beƒeche the eternall maie¥ie,
to doe with thee acco°ding to the multitude of his innumerable
mercies, and to pardon thee all thy ƒinnes & offences,
committed by all thy bodily ƒenƒes, pa±ions, & carnall affeccions:
who alƒo vouchƒafe mercifully to graunt vnto thee
go¥ely ¥rength, by his holy ƒpirite, to with¥and & ouercome
al temptacions and a±aultes of thine aduerƒarye, that in no
wiƒe he p°euaile again¥ thee, but that thou maye¥ haue
perfit victo°y & triumph again¥ the deuil, ƒinne, and death,
th°ough Ch°i¥ our Lo°d: Who by his death hath ouercomed
the P°ince of death, and with the father, and the holy go¥
euermo°e liueth and reigneth God, wo°lde without ende.
H
Amen.
How long wilt thou fo°get me, (O Lo°d?) fo° euer?
how long wilt thou hyde thy face from me? How
long ƒhall I ƒeke counƒell in my ƒoule? & be ƒo vexed in myne
 Uſque quo,
domine. pſal.
xiii.
The communion of the ƒicke.
herte? how long ƒhall myne enemye triumph ouer me?
Conƒyd°e, & heare me, (O Lo°d my God) lighten myne
iyes, that I ƒlepe not in death. Le¥e myne enemy ƒaye: I
haue p°euayled again¥ hym: fo° yf I be ca¥ downe, they
that trouble me will reioyce at it. But my tru¥ is in thy
mercy, & my herte is ioyfull in thy ƒaluacion. I will ƒing of
the Lo°d, becauƒe he hath delte ƒo louingly with me. Yea, I
wyll p°ayƒe the name of the Lo°d the mo¥ highe¥. Glo°y be
to the, &c. As it was in the, &c.
¶ The communion of the ƒicke.
O°aƒmuche as all mo°tal men be ƒubiect to many ƒodaine perils,
diƒeaƒes, and ƒickene±es, and euer vncertaine what time they ƒhall
departe out of this lyfe: Therfo°e to thentent they may be alwayes
in a readine±e to dye, whenƒoeuer it ƒhall pleaƒe almighty God to
call them: The curates ƒhall diligently from tyme to tyme, but ƒpecially in
the plague tyme, exho°te they° paryƒhoners to the ofte receyuyng (in the
churche) of the holy communion of the body and bloud of oure Sauioure
Ch°i¥e: whiche (yf they doe) they ƒhall haue no cauƒe in they° ƒodaine
viƒitacion, to be vnquyeted fo° lacke of the ƒame. But if the ƒicke perƒon be
not hable to come to the churche, and yet is deƒirous to receyue the communion
in his houƒe, then he mu¥ geue knowlage ouer night, o°els early in
the mo°ning to the curate, ƒignifying alƒo howe many he appoynted to communicate
with hym. And yf theƒame daye there be a celeb°acion of the holy
communion in the churche, then ƒhall the p°ie¥ reƒerue (at the open communion)
ƒo muche of the ƒacrament of the body and bloud, as ƒhall ƒerue the
ƒiche perƒon, & ƒo many as ƒhall communicate with hym (yf there be any.)
And ƒo ƒoone as he conuenientely may, after the open communion ended in
the church, ƒhall goe and mini¥er the ƒame, fir¥e to thoƒe that are appoynted
to communicate with the ƒicke (yf there be any), and la¥ of all to the
ƒicke perƒon himƒelfe. But befo°e the curate di¥ribute the holy communion:
the appoynted generall confeion mu¥ be made in the name of the
communicantes, the curate addyng the abſolucion with the coumfortable
ſentences of ſcripture folowyng in the open communion, and after the
communion ended, the collecte.
Almightie & euerlyuyng God, we mo¥e hertely thanke thee, &c.
¶ But yf the daye be not appoynted fo° the open communion vs the
churche, then (upon conuenient warning geuen) the curate ƒhal come and
viƒite the ƒick perƒon afo°e noone. And hauing a conuenient place in the ƒicke
mans houƒe (where he may reuerently celeb°ate) with all thinges nece±ary
fo° the ƒame, and not beyng otherwyƒe letted with the publike ƒeruice. o°
any other iu¥ impediment; he ƒhal there celeb°ate ye holy communion after
ƒuche fo°me and ƒo°te as hereafter is appoynted. 
 THE CELEBRA=
cion of the holy communion fo° the ƒicke.
P°ayse the Lo°de, all ye nacions, laude hym, all
ye people: fo° his mercifull kyndene±e is
confy°med towarde vs, and the trueth of the
Lo°de endureth fo° euer.Glo°y be to the father, &c.
Lo°d haue mercy vpon vs.
Ch°i¥ haue mercy vpon vs.
Lo°d haue mercy vpon vs.
Without any mo°e repeticion.
The p°ie¥.
The Lo°de be with you.
Aunƒwere.
And with thy ƒpirite.
Let vs p°ay.
Lmightie euerlyuing God, maker of mankynde,
which doe¥ co°recte thoƒe whom thou doe¥ loue,
and chatiƒe¥ euery one whome thou doe¥ receyue:
we beƒeche the to haue mercy vpon this thy ƒeruaunte viƒited
with thy hande, and to graunt that he may take his ƒickene±e
paciently, and recouer his bodily helth (if it be thy
gracious will), and whanƒoeuer his ƒoule ƒhall departe from
the body, it may without ƒpotte be p°eƒented vnto thee:
th°ough Jeƒus Ch°i¥e our Lo°d. Amen.
The Epi¥le.
Hebr. xii. Y ƒonne, deƒpiƒe not the co°reccion of the Lo°de,
neyther fainte when thou art rebuked of hym: fo°
whom the Lo°de loueth, hym he co°recteth, yea
and he ƒcourgeth euery ƒonne, whom he receyueth.
The goƒpell.
VErely verely I ƒaye vnto you, he that heareth my
woo°de, and beleueth on hym that ƒente me, hath euerla¥ing
life, and ƒhall not come vnto damnacion, but he
pa±eth from death vnto life.
Iohn v. 
The communion of the ƒicke.
The P°eface.
The Lo°de be with you.
Aunƒwere.
 And with thy ƒpirite.
Lifte vp your hertes, &c.
Unto the ende of the Canon.
¶ At the tyme of the di¥ribucion of the holy ƒacrament, the
p°ie¥e ƒhalt fir¥e receyue the communion hymƒelfe, & after
mini¥er to them that be appoynted to communicate with the
ƒicke (yf there be any), and then to the ƒicke perƒon. And the
ƒicke perƒon ƒhall all wayes deƒy°e ƒome, eyther of his owne
houƒe, o°els of his neyghbours, to receyue the holy communion
with hym, fo° that ƒhall be to hym a ƒinguler great coumfo°te, &
of they° parte a great token of charitie.
¶ And yf there be moe ƒicke perƒons to be viƒited theƒame day
that the curate doth celeb°ate in any ƒicke mans houƒe; then ƒhall
the curate (there) reƒerue ƒo muche of the ƒacramente of the
body and bloud: as ƒhall ƒerue the other ƒicke perƒons, and ƒuche
as be appoynted to communicate with them (yf there be any.)
And ƒhall immediatly cary it, and mini¥er it vnto them.
¶ But yf any man eyther by reaƒon of extremitie of ƒickene±e,
o° fo° lacke of warnyng geuen in due tyme, to the curate, o° by
any other iu¥ impedimente, doe not receyne the ƒacramente of
Ch°i¥es bodye and bloud then the curate ƒhall in¥ruct hym,
that yf he doe truely repent hym of his ƒinnes and ¥edfa¥ly
beleue that Jeƒus Ch°i¥ hath ƒuffered death vpon the co±e fo°
hym: and ƒhed his bloud fo° his redempcion, earne¥ly rememb°ing
the benefites he hath therby, and geuing hym hertie
thankes therfo°e; he doeth eate and d°ynke ƒpiritually the bodye
and bloud of our ƒauioure Ch°i¥e, p°ofitably to his ƒoules helth,
although he doe not receyue the ƒacrament with his mouth.
¶ When the ƒicke perƒone is viƒited and receiueth the holy
communion, all at one tyme: then the p°ie¥ fo° mo°e expedicion
ƒhall vƒe this o°d°e at the viƒitacion. 
The communion of the ƒicke.
The Anthem.
Rememb°e not Lo°de, &c.
Lo°de haue mercy vpon vs.
Ch°i¥e haue mercy vpon vs.
Lo°de haue mercy vpon vs.
¶ Our father whiche art in heauen, &c.
And leade vs not into temptacion.
Aunƒwere.
But deliuer vs from euyll. Amen.
Let vs p°aye.
O Lo°de, looke downe from heauen, &c.
¶ With the fir¥e parte of the exho°tacion and all other thynges
vnto the Pƒalme:
In thee o Lo°de haue I put my tru¥, &c.
And yf the ƒicke deƒy°e to be annoyncted, then ƒhall the p°ie¥ vƒe
thappoynted p°ayer without any Pƒalme. 
 THE ORDRE FOR
The buriall of the dead.
The p°ie¥ metyng the Co°ps at the Churche ¥yle, ƒhalt ƒay: Or
els the p°ie¥es and clerkes ƒhalt ƒing, andƒo goe either into the
Churche, o° towardes the graue.
Am the reƒurreccion and the life (ƒayth the Lo°d):
he that beleueth in me, yea though he were dead,
yet ƒhall he liue. And whoƒoeuer lyueth and bein
me: ƒhall notdye fo° euer.
John xi.
I
leueth
Knowe that my redemer lyueth, and that I ƒhall ryƒe
out of the yearth in the la¥ daye, and ƒhalbe couered
again with my ƒkinne andƒhall ƒee Godin my fleƒh: yea and
I my ƒelfe ƒhall beholde hym, not with other but with theƒe
ƒame iyes.
Iob XIX.
W E b°ought nothyng into this wo°lde, neyther may
we carye any thyng out of this wo°lde. The Lo°d
geueth, and the Lo°d taketh awaie. Euen as it pleaƒeth the
Lo°de, ƒo cummeth thynges to pa±e: ble±ed be the name of
the Lo°de.
i. Tim. vi.
Iob i.
When they come at the graue, whyles the Co°ps is made readie to be layed
into the earth, the p°ie¥ ƒhall ƒaye, o° els the p°ie¥ and clerkes ƒhall ƒyng.
A that is bo°ne of a woman, hath but a ƒho°te tyme
to lyue, and is full of miƒerye : he cummeth vp
and is cut downe lyke a floure; he flyeth as it
were a ƒhadowe, and neuer continueth in one ¥aye.
Job iX.
¶ In the mydde¥ of lyfe we be in death, of whom may we
ƒeke fo° ƒuccour but of thee, o Lo°de, whiche fo° our ƒynnes
iu¥ly art moued? yet o Lo°d God mo¥e holy, o Lo°d mo¥e
mighty, o holy and mo¥e merciful ƒauiour, delyuer vs not
into the bitter paines of eternal death. Thou knowe¥, Lo°d,
the ƒecretes of our hartes, ƒhutte not vp thy mercyfull iyes
to our p°aiers : But ƒpare vs, Lo°d mo¥ holy, o God mo¥e
mighty, o holy & mercifull ƒauiour, thou mo¥e wo°thy iudge
eternal, ƒuffre vs not at our la¥ houre fo° any paines of
death to fal from the. 
At the buriall.
Then the p°ie¥ ca¥yng earth vpon the Co°ps, ƒhall ƒaye.
Commende thy ƒoule to God the father almighty,
and thy body to the grounde, earth to
earth, a±hes to a±hes, du¥ to du¥, in ƒure and
certayne hope of reƒurreccion to eternall life,
through our Lo°d Jeƒus Chri¥, who ƒhall chaunge our vile
body, that it may be lyke to his glo°ious body, acco°dyng to
the myghtie wo°kyng wherby he is hable to ƒubdue all
thynges to himƒelfe.
Then ƒhalbe ƒayed o° ƒong.
Hearde a voyce from heauen ƒaying, vnto me:
Wryte, ble±ed are the dead whiche dye in the
Lo°de. Euen ƒo ƒaueth the ƒpirite, that they re¥
from they° labours.
Apoca. xiiii.
Let vs p°aye.
E commende into thy handes of mercy (mo¥e
mercifull father) the ƒoule of this our b°other
departed .N. And his body we commit to the
earth, beƒechyng thyne infinite goodne±e, to
geue vs grace to lyue in thy feare and loue, and to dye in thy
fauoure: that when the iudgmente ƒhall come which thou
ha¥e commytted to thy welbeloued ƒonne, both this our
b°other, & we may be found acceptable in thy ƒight, and receiue
that ble±ing, whiche thy welbeloued ƒonne ƒhall then
p°onounce to all that loue and feare thee, ƒaying: Come ye
ble±ed child°en of my Father: Receyue the kingdome p°epared
fo° you befo°e the beginning of the wo°lde. Graunt
this, mercifull father, fo° the honour of Jeƒu Chri¥e our
onely ƒauio°, mediato°, and aduocate. Amen.
This p°aier ƒhalt alƒo be added.
Lmightie God, we geue thee hertie thankes fo°
this thy ƒeruaunte, whom thou ha¥e delyuered
from the miƒeries of this w°etched wo°ld, from
the body of death and all temptacion. And, as 
At the buriall.
we tru¥, ha¥ b°ought his ƒoule whiche he committed into
thy holye handes, into ƒure conƒolacion and re¥e: Graunte
we beƒeche thee, that at the daye of iudgement his ƒoule and
all the ƒoules of thy electe, departed out of this lyfe, may
with vs and we with them, fully receiue thy p°omi±es, and
be made perfite altogether tho°ow the glo°ious reƒurreccion
of thy ƒonne Jeƒus Chri¥ our Lo°de.
Theƒe pƒalmes with other ƒufirages folowyng
are to be ƒayed in the churche either befo°e o° after
the buriall of the co°ps.
I Am well pleaƒed that the lo°de hath hearde the voyce of
my p°ayer.
That
Dilexi, quoniam.
Pſal. cxvi.
he hath enclined his eare vnto me, therefo°e wil I call
vpon him as long as I liue.
The ƒnares of death compaƒed me round about, and the
paynes of hel, gatte holde vpon me : I ƒhal finde trouble and
heauines, and I ƒhal cal vpon the name of the lo°de, (O
Lo°de) I beƒeche thee deliuer my ƒoule.
Gracious is the lo°d, and righteous, yea, our god is mercifull.

The lo°d p°eƒerueth the ƒimple : I was m miƒery and he
helped me.
Turne agayn then vnto thy re¥, o my ƒoule, fo° the lo°d
hath rewarded thee.
And why? thou ha¥ deliuered my ƒoule from death, mine
iyes from teares, and my feete from fallyng.
I will walke befo°e the lo°de in the lande of the liuing.
I beleued, and therfo°e wil I ƒpeake : but I was ƒo°e troubled.
I ƒayd in my ha¥e : all menne are lyers.
What rewarde ƒhall I geue vnto the lo°de, fo° al the benefites
that he hath doen vnto me?
I wil receiue the cup of ƒaluacion, & call vpon the name of
the lo°de.
I will pay my vowes now in the p°eƒence of all his people :
right dere in the ƒight of the lo°d is the death of hys Saintes. 
At the buriall.
Beholde (O lo°de) how that I am thy ƒeruaunte : I am thy
ƒeruaunt, and the ƒonne of thy handmayde, thou ha¥ b°oken
my bondes in ƒunder.
I will offer to thee the ƒacrifice of thankes geuyng, and will
call vpon the name of the Lo°de.
I will pay my vowes vnto the lo°de, in the ƒyghte of all his
people, in the courtes of the lo°des houƒe, euen in the midde¥
of thee, O Hieruƒalem.
Glo°ie to the father, &c.
As it was in the beginning, &c.
P °a
th
Lauda anima,
mea. pſal.
cXlvi.
Note that
this pſalme is
to be ſaied after
the others
that foloweth.
yƒe the lo°de, (o my ƒoule), while I liue wil I p°ayƒe
e lo°de : yea, as long as I haue any being, I wil ƒing
p°ayƒes vnto my god.
O put not your tru¥ in p°inces, no° in any childe of man,
fo° there is no helpe in them.
Fo° when the b°eath of man goeth furth, he ƒhall turne
agayn to his yearth, and then all his thoughtes periƒh.
Ble±ed is he that hath the God of Jacob fo° hys helpe : and
whoƒe hope is in the lo°de hys god.
Which made heauen and earth, the ƒea, and al that therein
is: whiche kepeth his p°omiƒe fo° euer.
Whiche helpeth them to right that ƒuffer w°ong, which
feedeth the hungrie.
The lo°de looceth men out of p°ieƒon, the lo°de geueth ƒight to
the blynde.
The lo°de helpeth them vp that are fallen, the lo°de careth
fo° the righteous.
The lo°d careth fo° the ¥raungers, he defendeth the fatherle±e
and widdowe : as fo° the waye of the vngodly, he turneth
it vpƒyde downe.
The lo°de thy God, O Sion, ƒhalbe kyng fo° euermo°e, and
throughout all generacions. 
At the Burial.
Glo°y to the father, &c.
As it was in the beginning, &c.
Lo°d, thou ha¥ ƒearched me out, and knowen me.
Thou knowe¥ my downƒitting, and mine vpriƒing :
thou vnder¥ande¥ my thoughtes long befo°e.
Thou art about my pathe, and about my bed, and ƒpie¥ out
al my waies.
Domine, probai.
Pſalm
cxxxix.
Fo° loe, there is not a woo°d in my toungue, but thou (o
lo°de) knowe¥e it altogether.
Thou ha¥ faƒhioned me, behinde and befo°e, and layed thine
hande vpon me.
Such knowelage is to woonderfull and excellente fo° me : I
cannot attaine vnto it.
Whither ƒhall I goe then from thy ƒpirite? o° whither ƒhal I
goe then from thy p°eƒence?
If I clime vp into heauen, thou art there : If I goe down to
hel, thou art there alƒo.
If I take the winges of the mo°ning, and remaine in the
vttermo¥e partes of the ƒea;
Euen there alƒo ƒhal thy hande leade me, and thy righte
hande ƒhall holde me.
If I ƒaye : paraduenture the darkene±e ƒhall couer me, then
ƒhall my night bee turned to daye.
Yea the darkene±e is no darkene±e with thee: but the night
is all clere as the daye, the darkene±e and lyghte to thee are
bothe alike.
Fo° my reynes are thine, thou ha¥ coured me in my mothers
wombe, I wyll geue thankes vnto thee : fo° I am
fearefully and woonderouƒly made: meruailous are thy
woo°kes, and that my ƒoule knoweth right well.
My bones are not hidde from thee, though I bee made
ƒecretely, and faƒhioned beneath in the yearth.
Thine eyes did ƒee my ƒub¥aunce, yet being vnperfecte : and
in thy booke were al my memb°es w°itten.
Whiche daye by daye were faƒhioned, when as yet there
was none of them.
Howe dere are thy councels vnto me, O God? O howe
greate is the ƒumme of them? 
At the Buriall.
If I tell them, they are moe in noumb°e then the ƒande when
I wake vp, I am p°eƒent with thee.
Wilt thou not ƒley the wicked, O God? departe from me,
ye bloude thri¥ie men.
Fo° they ƒpeake vnrighteouƒly again¥e thee : and thyne enemies
take thy name in vaine.
Dooe not I hate them, O Lo°d, that hate thee? and am not I
greued with thoƒe that ryƒe vp again¥ thee?
Yea I hate them righte ƒo°e, euen as thoughe they were
myne enemies.
Trye me, O God, and ƒeeke the grounde of myne harte :
p°oue me and examine my thoughtes.
Looke well if there be any way of wickednes in me, and
leade me in the waye euerla¥ing.
Glo°y to the father, &c.
As it was in the beginning, &c.
Then ƒhall folowe this le±on, taken out of the xv. Chapter to the
Co°inthians, the fir¥e Epi¥le.
i. Cor. xv.
Hriste is riƒen from the dead, and become the fir¥
fruictes of them that ƒlepte. Fo° by a man came
death, and by a man came the reƒurreccion of the
deade. Fo° as by Adam all dye: euen ƒo by Chri¥ ƒhal al be
made aliue, but euery manne in his owne o°d°e. The fir¥e
is Chri¥e, then they that are Chri¥es, at hys comming.
Then commeth the ende, when he hath deliuered vp the
kyngdome to God the father, when he hath put downe al
rule and al autho°itie and power. Fo° he mu¥ reygne til he
haue putte al his enemies vnder his feete. The la¥e enemie
that ƒhal bee de¥royed, is death. Fo° he hath putte all
thinges vnder his feete. But when he ƒayeth al thinges are
put vnder him, it is manife¥e that he is excepted, whiche
dyd putte all thinges vnder him. When all thynges are
ƒubdued vnto hym, then ƒhall the ƒoonne alƒo hymƒelfe bee 
At the buriall.
ƒubiecte vnto hym that put all thynges vnder him, that god
mai be all in all. Elles what doe they, whiche are baptized
ouer the dead, if the dead ryƒe not at all? Why are they then
baptized ouer them? Yea, and why ¥and we alway then in
ieoperdie? By our reioyƒing whiche I haue in Chri¥ Jeƒu
oure lo°de, I dye dayly. That I haue fought with bea¥es at
Epheƒus after the maner of men, what auauntageth it me,
if the dead ryƒe not agayn? Let vs eate and d°ynke, fo° to
mo°owe we ƒhall dye. Be not ye deceiued: eiuill wo°des co°-
rupt good maners. Awake truly out of ƒlepe, & ƒinne not.
Fo° ƒome haue not the knowledge of God. I ƒpeake this to
your ƒhame. But ƒome man will ƒay: how aryƒe the dead?
with what bodye ƒhall they come? Thou foole, that whiche
thou ƒowe¥, is not quickened, except it dye. And what ƒowe¥
thou? Thou ƒowe¥ not that body that ƒhall be; but bare co°ne
as of wheate, o° of ƒome other: but god geueth it a bodie at
hys pleaƒure, to euery ƒeede his owne body. All fleƒhe is not
one maner of fleƒhe: but there is one maner of fleƒhe of men,
another maner of fleƒhe of bea¥es, another of fiƒhes, another
of birdes. There are alƒo cele¥iall bodies, arid there are
bodies terre¥riall. But the glo°ye of the cele¥iall is one,
and the glo°ye of the terre¥rial is another. There is one
maner glo°y of the ƒonne, and another glo°ye of the moone,
and another glo°ye of the ¥erres. Fo° one ¥erre differeth
from another in glo°ie. So is the reƒurreccyon of the dead.
It is ƒowen in co°rupcion, it ryƒeth again in inco°rupcion. It
is ƒowen in diƒhonour, it ryƒethe agayne in honour. It is ƒowen
in weakene±e, it ryƒeth agayn in power. It is ƒowen a
naturiall bodie, it ryƒeth agayn a ƒpirituall bodie. There is
a naturall bodie, and there is a ƒpirituall bodye: as it is alƒo
w°itten: the fir¥e manne Adam was made a liuing ƒoule,
and the la¥ Adam was made a quickning ƒpirite. Howebeit,
that is not fir¥e which is ƒpiritual: but that which is naturall,
and then that whiche is ƒpirituall. The fir¥e man is of
the earthe, yearthy: The ƒeconde manne is the Lo°de from
heauen (heauenly). As is the earthy, ƒuch are they that are 
At the buriall.
yearthy. And as is the heauenly, ƒuch are they that are
heauenly. And as we haue bo°ne the image of the yearthy, ƒo
ƒhal we beare the image of the heauenly. This ƒay I
b°ethren, that fleƒhe & bloud cannot enherite the kyngdome of
God: Neyther doeth co°rupcion enherite vnco°rupcion. Behold,
I ƒhewe you a mi¥ery. We ƒhall not all ƒlepe: but we
ƒhal al be chaunged, and that in a momente, in the twynkeling
of an iye by the la¥ trumpe. Fo° the trumpe ƒhall blowe,
and the dead ƒhall ryƒe inco°ruptible, and we ƒhall be
chaunged. Fo° this co°ruptible mu¥ put on inco°rupcion:
and this mo°tall mu¥ put on immo°talitie. When this co°-
ruptible hath put on inco°ruption, and this mo°tall hath put
on immo°talitie: then ƒhall bee b°ought to pa±e the ƒaying
that is w°itten: Death is ƒwalowed vp in victo°ye: Death
where is thy ¥yng? Hell where is thy victo°ye? The ¥yng
of deathe is ƒinne: and the ¥rength of ƒinne is the lawe. But
thankes be vnto god, whiche hath geuen vs victo°y, through
our Lo°de Jeƒus Chri¥. Therefo°e my dere b°ethren, be ye
¥edfa¥ and vnmouable, alwaies ryche in the woo°ke of the
lo°de, fo°aƒmuch as ye know that your labour is not in
vayne, in the lo°de.
The le±on ended then ƒhall the P°ie¥ ƒay.
Lo°de, haue mercie vpon vs.
Chri¥e, haue mercie vpon vs.
Lo°de, haue mercie vpon vs.
Our father whiche art in heauen, &c.
And leade vs not into temptacion.
Aunƒwere.
But deliuer vs from euil. Amen.
P°ie¥.
Entre not (o lo°de) into iudgement with thy ƒeruaunt. 
At the buriall.
Aunƒwere.
Fo° in thy ƒight no liuing creature ƒhalbe iu¥ifyed.
P°ie¥.
From the gates of hell.
Aunƒwere.
Deliuer they° ƒoules, o lo°de.
P°ie¥.
I beleue to ƒee the goodnes of the lo°de.
Aunƒwere.
In the lande of the liuing.
P°ie¥.
O lo°de, graciouƒly heare my p°ayer.
Aunƒwere.
And let my crye come vnto thee.
Let vs p°ay.
O Lorde, with whome dooe lyue the ƒpirites of them
that be dead: and in whome the ƒoules of them that bee
elected, after they be deliuered from the burden of the fleƒhe,
be in ioy and felicitie: Graunte vnto vs thy ƒeruaunte, that
the ƒinnes whiche he committed in this wo°ld be not imputed
vnto him, but that he, eƒcaping the gates of hell and paynes
of eternall derkene±e: may euer dwel in the region of
highte, with Ab°aham, Iƒaac, and Jacob, in the place where
is no wepyng, ƒo°owe, no° heauine±e: and when that d°edeful
day of the generall reƒurreccion ƒhall come, make him to
ryƒe alƒo with the iu¥ and righteous, and receiue this bodie
agayn to glo°y, then made pure and inco°ruptible, ƒet him on
the right hand of thy ƒonne Jeƒus Chri¥, emong thy holy
and elect, that then he may heare with them theƒe mo¥ ƒwete
and coumfo°table wo°des: Come to me ye ble±ed of my
father, po±e±e the kingdome whiche hath bene p°epared fo°
you from the beginning of the wo°lde: Graunte thys we
beƒeche thee, o mercifull father: through Jeƒus Chri¥e our
mediatour and redemer. Amen. 
 THE CELEBRACI
on of the holy communion when
there is a burial of the dead.
L ike
m
Quemadmodum.

Pſalm xlii.
as the hart deƒireth the water-b°ookes, ƒo longeth
y ƒoule afterthee, o God.
My ƒoule is athir¥ fo° god, yea, euen fo° the liuing god :
when ƒhal I come to appeare befo°e the p°eƒence of god?
My teares haue beene my meate day and nighte, whyle
they dayly ƒay vnto me, Where is now thy god?
Nowe when I thinke thereupon, I pow°e out my hart by
my ƒelfe : fo° I went with the multitude, and b°ought them
furth vnto the houƒe of god, in the voyce of p°aiƒe and
thankeƒgeuing, emong ƒuche as kepe holy day.
Why art thou ƒo full of heauines, (O my ƒoule) : and why
art thou ƒo vnquiete within me?
Put thy tru¥ in god, fo° I wil yet geue him thankes, fo° the
helpe of his countenaunce.
My God, my ƒoule is vexed within me : therefo°e will I remember
thee concerning the land of Jo°dane, and the litle
hill of Hermonim.
One deepe calleth another, beecauƒe of the noyƒe of thy
water pypes, all thy waues & ¥o°mes are gone ouer me.
The lo°de hath graunted his louing kyndene±e on the daye
tyme, and in the nighte ƒeaƒon dyd I ƒyng of hym, and made
my p°ayer vnto the god of my lyfe.
I wil ƒay vnto the God of my ¥rength, why ha¥e thou
fo°gotten me? why goe I thus heuelye, whyle the enemie
opp°e±eth me?
My bones are ƒmitten aƒoonder, whyle myne enemies (that
trouble me) ca¥ me in the teeth, namely while they ƒay
dayly vnto me : where is nowe thy God?
Why art thou ƒo vexed, (O my ƒoule) and why arte thou ƒo
diƒquieted within me?
O put thy tru¥ in god, fo° I will yet thanke him which is
the helpe of my countenaunce, and my God.
Glo°ie to the Father, &c.
As it was in the beginning, &c. 
At the Buriall.
Collette.
O Mercifull god the father of oure lo°de Jeƒu Chri¥;
who is the reƒurreccion and the life: In whom who- ƒoeuer beleueth ƒhall liue thoughe he dye: And whoƒoeuer
liueth, and beleueth in hym, ƒhal not dye eternallye: who
alƒo hath taughte vs (by his holye Apo¥le Paule) not to bee
ƒo°y as men without hope fo° them that ƒlepe in him: We
mekely beƒeche thee (o father) to raiƒe vs from the death of
ƒin, vnto the life of righteouƒnes, that when we ƒhall departe
this hyfe, we maye ƒlepe in him (as our hope is this our
b°other doeth) & at the general reƒurreccion in the la¥e daie,
bothe we and this oure b°other departed, receiuyng agayne
oure bodies, and riƒing againe in thy mo¥e gracious fauoure:
maye with all thine elect Saynctes, obteine eternall
ioye. Graunte this, o Lo°de god, by the meanes of our
aduocate Jeƒus Chri¥: which with thee and the holy gho¥e,
liueth and reigneth one God fo° euer. Amen.
The Epi¥le.
Woulde not b°ethren that ye ƒhoulde bee igno-
°aunt concernyng them which are fallen aƒlepe,
that ye ƒo°owe not as other doe, whiche haue no
hope. Fo° if we beleue that Jeƒus dyed, and roƒe againe: euen
ƒo them alƒo whiche ƒlepe by Jeƒus, will God b°ing again
with him. Fo° thys ƒaye we vnto you in the wo°d of the
Lo°de: that we whiche ƒhall lyue, and ƒhal remain in the
comyng of the Lo°d, ƒhal not come ere they which ƒlepe. Fo°
the Lo°de himƒelfe ƒhal deƒcende from heauen with a ƒhoute,
and the voice of the Archangell & troump of God. And the
deade in Chri¥e ƒhal ariƒe fir¥: then we whiche ƒhall lyue
(euen wee whiche ƒhal remayne) ƒhal bee caughte vp wyth
them alƒo in the cloudes, to meete the Lo°de in the ay°e. And
ƒo ƒhall wee euer be with the Lo°de. Wherefo°e coumfo°te
youreƒelues one another wyth theƒe woo°des.
i. The. iiii.
At the Burial.
¶ The goƒpell.
eƒus ƒaied to his diƒciples and to the Jewes: Al
that the father geueth me, ƒhall come to me: and
he that commeth to me, I ca¥ not away. Fo° I
came down from heauen: not to do that I wil, but that he
Iohn vi.
wil, which hath ƒent me. And this is the fathers wyll
whiche hath ƒente me, that of all whiche he hath
geuen me, I ƒhal loƒe nothing: but raiƒe them
vp again at the la¥ day. And this is
the wil of him that ƒent me: that
euery one which ƒeeth the ƒonne
and beleueth on him, haue
euerla¥ing life: And I
wil raiƒe him vp at
the la¥e daye. 
THE ORDER OF THE Purificacion of weomen.
The woman ƒhall come into the churche, and there ƒhal
knele downe in ƒome conueniente place, nygh vnto the
quier doo°e: and the p°ie¥e ¥andyng by her ƒhall ƒaye theƒe
woo°des, o° ƒuche lyke, as the caƒe ƒhall require.
F O°aƒmuche as it hath pleaƒed almightie god of hys
goodnes to geue you ƒafe deliueraunce: & your childe
baptiƒme, and hath p°eƒerued you in the greate daunger of
childebirth: ye ƒhal therefo°e geue hartie thankes vnto god,
and p°ay.
Then ƒhall the p°ie¥e ƒaue this pƒalme.
I Haue lifted vp mine iyes vnto the hilles, from whence
cummeth my helpe?
My help cummeth euen from the lo°d, which hath made
heauen and earth.
Leuaui oculos.
pſal. cxxi.
He will not ƒuffer thy foote to be moued, and he that kepeth
thee wil not ƒlepe.
Beholde he that kepeth Iƒrael, ƒhal neither ƒlumber no° ƒlepe.
The lo°de himƒelfe is thy keper, the lo°de is thy defence vpon
thy right hande.
So that the ƒonne ƒhall not burne thee by daye, neyther the
moone by nyght.
The lo°d ƒhal p°eƒerue thee from al euil, yea it is euen he
that ƒhal kepe thy ƒoule.
The lo°d ƒhal p°eƒerue thy going out, and thy cumming in,
from this tyme furth fo° euermo°e.
Glo°ye to the father, &c.
As it was in the beginning, &c.
Lo°d haue mercie vpon vs.
Chri¥ haue mercie vpon vs.
Lo°d haue mercie vpon vs.
¶ Our father whiche art in heauen, &c.
And leade vs not into temptacion.
Aunƒwere.
But deliuer vs from euil. Amen.
Prie¥.
O lo°d ƒaue this woman thy ƒeruaunt. 
Purificacion
Aunƒwere.
Whiche putteth her tru¥ in thee.
Prie¥.
Bee thou to her a ¥rong tower.
Aunƒwere.
From the face of her enemie.
Prie¥.
O Lo°de heare our p°ayer.
Aunƒwere.
And let our crye come to thee.
Prie¥.
¶ Let vs p°ay.
O Almightie God, which ha¥ deliuered this woman thy
ƒeruant from the great payne and peril of childbirth:
Graunt, we beƒeche thee (mo¥ mercifull father), that ƒhe
through thy helpe may both faithfully lyue, & walke in her
vocacyon acco°dynge to thy will in thys lyfe p°eƒente; and
alƒo may be partaker of euerla¥yng glo°ye in the lyfe to
come: through Jeƒus Chri¥ our lo°de. Amen.
The woman that is purifyed, mu¥ offer her Cryƒome and
other accu¥omed offeringes. And if there be a communion, it
is conuenient that ƒhe receiue the holy communion. 
The fire daie of lente com=
monly called Aƒhe=
wedniƒdaye.
¶ After mattens ended, the people beeyng called together by the
ryngyng of a bel, and a±embled in the churche: Thinglyƒhe letanye
ƒhall be ƒayed after thaccu¥omed maner: whiche ended, the p°ie¥e ƒhal
goe into the pulpitte and ƒaye thus:
Rethren, in the p°ymitiue churche there was a
godlye diƒciplyne, that at the begynnyng of lente
ƒuche perƒones as were noto°ious ƒynners, were
put to open penaunce, and puniƒhed in this wo°lde, that they°
ƒoules myght bee ƒaued in the day of the lo°d. And that other,
admoniƒhed by they° example, might he mo°e afrayed to offende.
In the ¥eede whereof vntil the ƒaide diƒciplyne maye
bee re¥o°ed agayne; (whiche thynge is muche to bee
wyƒhed,) it is thoughte good, that at thys tyme (in your
p°eƒence) ƒhoulde bee read the general ƒentences of goddes
curƒyng agayn¥e impenitente ƒinners, gathered out of the
xxvii Chapter of Deuteronomie, & other places of ƒcripture.
And that ye ƒhoulde aunƒwere to euery ƒentence, Amen: To
thentente that you beeyng admoniƒhed of the greate indignacion
of God agayn¥e ƒinners: may the rather be called to
earne¥e and true repentaunce, and maye walke mo°e warely
in theƒe daungerous dayes, fleyng from ƒuche vices, fo°
the whiche ye affirme with your owne mouthes: the curƒe
of god to be due.
¶ Curƒed is the man that maketh any carued o° molten
image, an abominacion to the Lo°de, the woo°ke of the
handes of the craftes manne, and putteth it in a ƒecrete
place, to wurƒhip it.
And the people ƒhal aunƒwere, and ƒaye,
Amen.
Mini¥er.
The fir¥ daye of lente.
Curƒed is he that curƒeth his father, and mother.
Anƒwere.
Amen.
Mini¥er.
Curƒed is he that remoueth awaye the marke of hys neighbours
land.
Anƒwere.
Amen.
Mini¥er.
Curƒed is he that maketh the blinde to goe oute of hys waye.
Anƒwere.
Amen.
Mini¥er.
Curƒed is he that letteth in iudgemente the right of the
¥raungier, of them that be fatherle±e, and of widowes.
Anƒwere.
Amen.
Mini¥er.
Curƒed is he that ƒmiteth his neighbour ƒecretely.
Anƒwere.
Amen.
Mini¥er.
Curƒed is he that lieth with his neighbour's wyfe.
Anƒwere.
Amen.
Mini¥er.
Curƒed is he that taketh rewarde to ƒlea the ƒoule of innocent
bloude.
Anƒwere.
Amen.
Mini¥er.
Curƒed is he that putteth his tru¥e in man, and taketh
manne fo° his defence, and in his harte goeth from the
Lo°de.
The fir¥ day of lent.
Anƒwere.
Amen.
Mini¥er.
Curƒed are the vmnercifull, the fo°nicato°s and aduouterers,
the couetous perƒones, the wurƒhyppers of images,
ƒlaunderers, d°unkardes, and exto°cioners.
Aunƒwere.
Amen.
The mini¥er.
N Owe ƒeeing that all they bee accurƒed(asthe Prophete
Dauid beareth witne±e) whiche doe erre and goe
a¥ray from the commaundementes of God, let vs (rememb°ing
the d°edefull iudgement hanging ouer our heades,
and beyng alwayes at hande) returne vnto our lo°de God,
with all contricion and mekenes of heart, bewailing and
lamenting our ƒinful life, knowlaging and confe±ing our
offences, and ƒeekyng to b°ing furth wo°thie fruites of
penance. Fo° euen now is the axe put vnto the roote of the
trees, ƒo that euery tree whiche b°yngeth not furth good
fruite, is hewen downe and ca¥ into the fyer. It is a
fearefull thing to fall into the handes of the liuing God: he
ƒhal pow°e downe rayne vpon the ƒinners, ƒnares, fyer and
b°im¥one, ¥o°me and tempe¥: this ƒhalbe they° po°cion to
d°ynke. Fo° loe the lo°de is cummen out of his place, to viƒite
the wickednes of ƒuch as dwell vpon the earth. But who
may abyde the daye of his cumming? who ƒhalbee hable to
endure whan he appeareth? His fanne is in his hande, and he
wil pourge his floo°e, and gather his wheate into the barne,
but he will burne the chaffe with vnquencheable fier. The
day of the lo°de cummeth as a thiefe vpon the night, & when
men ƒhall ƒay peace, and all thynges are ƒafe, then ƒhall ƒodayne
de¥ruccion come vpon them, as ƒo°owe cometh vpon a
woman trauaylyng with chylde, and they ƒhall not eƒcape:
then ƒhall appeare the w°athe of God in the daye of vengeaunce,
whiche ob¥inate ƒynners, through the ¥ubbernes of
they° hearte, haue heaped vnto themƒelfe, which deƒpiƒed the
Pſal. cXviii.
Mat. iii.
Hebru. x.
Pſal. x.
Eſai. xxvi.
Mala. iii.
Mat. iii.
Thea. v.
Roma. ii.
The fir¥ day of lent.
goodne±e, pacience & long ƒufferaunce of god, when he called
them continually to repentaunce. Then ƒhall they cal vpon
me (ƒayth the lo°de), but I wil not heare: they ƒhal ƒeke me
early, but thei ƒhal not finde me, & that becauƒe they hated
knowlage, & receiued not the feare of the lo°d, but abho°red
my counƒell & deƒpiƒed my co°reccion: then ƒhal it be to late
to knocke, when the doo°e ƒhalbe ƒhut, & to late to cry fo°
mercy, when it is the tyme of iu¥ice. O terrible voice of
mo¥ iu¥ iudgement, which ƒhalbe p°onounced vpon them
when it ƒhalbe ƒayde vnto them. Go ye curƒed into the fyer
euerla¥ing, which is p°epared fo° ye deuil & his angels.
Therfo°e b°ethren, take we hede by time, while the day of
ƒaluacion la¥eth, fo° the night cometh when none can wo°ke:
but let vs while we haue the light, beleue in the light, &
walke as the child°en of the light, that we be not ca¥ into the
vtter derkenes, where is weping and gnaƒhing of teeth. Let
vs not abuƒe the goodnes of god, whiche calleth vs mercifully
to amendement, & of his endle±e pitie, p°omiƒeth vs
fo°geuenes of that which is pa¥: if (with a whole mind & a
true hert) we returne vnto him: fo° though our ƒinnes be red
as ƒcarlet, they ƒhalbe as white as ƒnowe, & though they be
lyke purple, yet ƒhall they be as whyte as woolle. Turne
you cleane (ƒayth ye lo°d) from all your wickednes, and
your ƒynne ƒhall not be your de¥ruccion Ca¥ away from
you all your vngodlines that ye haue doen, make you new
hertes & a new ƒpirite: wherfo°e will ye dye, O ye houƒe of
Iƒrael? ƒeing I haue no pleaƒure in the death of him that
dieth (ƒayth the Lo°d God). Turne you then, & you ƒhall
lyue. Although we haue ƒinned yet haue we an aduocate
with the father Jeƒus Chri¥ the righteous, & he it is that
obteyneth grace fo° our ƒinnes; fo° he was wounded fo° our
offences, & ƒmitten fo° our wickednes: let vs therfo°e returne
vnto him, who is the merciful receiuer of al true penitent
ƒinners, a±uring our ƒelfe that he is ready to receiue vs,
& mo¥ willing to pardon vs, if we come to him with faithful
repentaunce: if we wil ƒubmit ourƒelues vnto him, & from
hecefo°th walke in hys waies: if we wil take his eaƒy yoke &
Prouer. i.
Mat. xxv.
ii. Cor. vi.
John ix.
Mat. xxv.
Eſai. i.
Eſech. xviii.
i. Iohn ii
Eſai. liii
Mat. xi. 
The fy°¥e daye of lente.
light burden vpon vs to folowe hym in lowlyne±e, pacience,
and charitie, and bee o°d°ed by the gouernaunce of his holy
ƒpirite, ƒeking alwayes his glo°ye, and ƒeruing him duely in
our vocacion with thankes geuyng. This yf we doe, Chri¥e
wil deliuer vs from the curƒe of the law, and from the extreme
malediccion whiche ƒhall lyght vpon them that ƒhalbee
ƒet on the left hand: and he wyl ƒet vs on his right hand, and
geue vs the ble±ed benediccion of hys father, commaundyng
vs to take po±e±ions of hys glo°ious kyngdome, vnto the
whiche he vouchƒafe to b°yng vs al, fo° hys infinite mercye.
Amen.
Math. xxv.
¶ Then ƒhall they all kneele vpon they° knees: And the p°ie¥e and
clerkes kneelyng (where they are accu¥omed to ƒaye the letanye)
ƒhall ƒaye this pƒalme.
Aue mercye vpon me, (O God,) after thy
greate goodne±e acco°ding to the multitude
of thy mercies, do away mine offences.
Miſerere
mei deus.
Pſal. li.
Waƒhe me throwly from my wickednes,
and clenƒe me from my ƒynne.
Fo° I knowlage my faultes, and my ƒinne is euer befo°e me.
Agayn¥ thee only haue I ƒynned, and done this euyl in thy
ƒyght: that thou myghte¥ bee iu¥ified in thy ƒaying, and
clere when thou art iudged.
Behold, I was ƒhapen in wickednes, and in ƒynne hath my
mother conceiued me.
But loe, thou require¥ trueth in the inward partes, and
ƒhalte make me to vnder¥ande wyƒedome ƒecretelye.
Thou ƒhalt pourge me with Iƒope, & I ƒhall bee cleane thou
ƒhalt waƒhe me, and I ƒhal bee whyter then ƒnowe.
Thou ƒhalte make me heare of ioye and gladne±e, that the
bones whiche thou ha¥e b°oken, maye reioyce.
Turne thy face from my ƒynnes, and putte out all my
myƒdedes.
Make me a cleane herte, (O God) and renue a ryght ƒpy°ite
within me.
Ca¥e me not awaye from thy p°eƒence, and take not thy 
The fir¥ daye of lente.
holy ƒpirite from me.
O geue me the coumfo°te of thy helpe agayne, and ¥abliƒhe
me wyth thy free ƒpirite.
Then ƒhal I teache thy waies vnto the wicked, and ƒinners
ƒhal bee conuerted vnto thee.
Deliuer me from bloud giltine±e, (O God,) thou that art
the god of my health : and my toungue ƒhall ƒyng of thy
righteouƒne±e.
Thou ƒhalt open my lippes, (O Lo°de) my mouthe ƒhal
ƒhewe thy p°ayƒe.
Fo° thou deƒy°e¥e no ƒacrifice, els would I geue it thee : but
thou delite¥e not in burnt offeryng.
The ƒacrifice of God is a troubled ƒpirite, a b°oken and
contrite herte, (O God), ƒhalt thou not deƒpiƒe.
O bee fauourable and gracious vnto Syon, build thou the
walles of Hieruƒalem.
Then ƒhalt thou be pleaƒed with the ƒacrifice of righteouƒne±e,
wyth the burnt offeringes and oblacions : then
ƒhall they offre young bullockes vpon thyne aultare.
Glo°ye to the father, &c.
As it was in the beginning, &c.
¶ Lo°de haue mercie vpon vs.
¶ Chri¥e haue mercye vpon vs.
¶ Lo°de haue mercye vpon vs.
Our father whiche art in heauen, &c.
And leade vs not into temptacion.
Anƒwere.
 But deliuer vs from euyll. Amen.
Mini¥er.
 O Lo°de ƒaue thy ƒeruauntes.
Anƒwere.
 Whiche put they° tru¥e in thee.
Mini¥er.
 Sende vnto them helpe from aboue. 
The fy°¥ daye of lente.
Aunƒwere.
And euermo°e mightily defende them.
Mini¥er.
Helpe vs O God our ƒauiour.
Aunƒwere.
And fo° the glo°y of thy names ƒake delyuer vs, be mercifull
vnto vs ƒynners fo° thy names ƒake.
Mini¥er.
O Lo°de heare my p°ayer.
Aunƒwere.
And let my crye come to thee.
Let vs p°aye.
Lord, we beƒeche thee mercifully heare our p°ayers,
and ƒpare all thoƒe which confe±e they°
ƒynnes to thee, that they (whoƒe conƒciences by
ƒynne are accuƒed), by thy mercyfull pardon may be ab-
ƒolued, through Chri¥e our Lo°de. Amen.
O Mo¥ mightie god and mercifull father, which ha¥
compa±ion of all menne, and hate¥e nothyng that
thou ha¥e made: whiche woulde¥e not the deathe of a ƒinner,
but that he ƒhoulde rather turne from ƒinne and bee ƒaued:
mercifully fo°geue vs oure treƒpa±es, receyue and coumfo°te
vs, whiche bee grieued and weried with the burden of
our ƒinne: Thy p°opertie is to haue mercie, to thee onely it
apperteineth to fo°geue ƒinnes: ƒpare vs therfo°e, good Lo°de,
ƒpare thy people whome thou ha¥ redemed. Enter not into
iudgemente with thy ƒeruauntes, which be vile yearthe, and
miƒerable ƒinners: But ƒo turne thy ire from vs, which
mekely knowlage our vilenes, and truely repent vs of our
fautes: ƒo make ha¥ to helpe vs in this wo°lde: that wee
may euer liue with thee in the wo°lde to come: through
Jeƒus Chri¥e our Lo°de. Amen.
Then ƒhal this antheme he ƒayed o° ƒong.
The fy°¥ day of Lente.
Urne thou vs, good Lo°d, and ƒo ƒhall we be
turned: bee fauourable (O Lo°de) he fauourable
to thy people, whiche turne to thee in
wepyng, fa¥ing and p°aying: fo° thou art a
mercifull God, full of compa±ion, long ƒufferyng, and of a
great pietie. Thou ƒpare¥ when we deƒerue puniƒhement,
and in thy w°athe thynke¥ vpon mercy. Spare thy
people, good Lo°de, ƒpare them, and lette not
thy heritage bee b°ought to confuƒion:
Heare vs (O Lo°de) fo° thy
mercy is great, and after
the multitude of thy
mercyes looke
vpon vs.
(. .
 .)
OF CEREMONIES
why ſome be aboliſhed
and ſome retayned
F ƒuche Ceremonies as be vƒed in the
Church, and haue had their beginning
by thin¥itucion of man: Some at the
fir¥ were of godly intent and purpoƒe
deuiƒed, and yet at length turned to
vanitie and ƒuper¥icion: Some entred
into the Churche by vndiƒcrete deuocion,
and ƒuche a zele as was without knowlage, and fo°becauƒe
they were winked at in the beginning, they grewe
dayly to mo°e and mo°e abuƒes, which not onely fo° their
vnp°ofitablene±e, but alƒo becauƒe they haue muche blynded
the people, & obƒcured the glo°y of God, are wo°thy to be cut
awaye, and cleane reiected. Other there be, which although
they haue been deuiƒed by man: yet it is thought good to re-
ƒerue them ¥ill aƒwell fo° a decent o°d°e in the Churche (fo°
the which they were fir¥ deuiƒed) as becauƒe they pertayne
to edificacion. Wherunto all thynges doen in the Churche
(as the Apo¥le teacheth) ought to be referred. And although
the keping o° omytting of a ceremonie (in itƒelfe conƒidered)
is but a ƒmall thyng: Yet the wilfull and contemptuous
tranƒgre±ion, and b°eakyng of a common o°d°e, and diƒciplyne,
is no ƒmall offence befo°e God. Let all thynges bee
done emong you (ƒayeth Sainte Paule) in a ƒemely and due
o°d°e. The appoyntemente of the whiche o°d°e pertayneth
not to p°yuate menne: Therfo°e no manne ought to take in
hande no° p°eƒume to appoynte o° alter any publyke o°
common o°d°e in Chri¥es Churche, excepte he be lawfully 
Of Ceremonies.
called and auto°ized thereunto. And whereas in this our
tyme, the myndes of menne bee ƒo diuerƒe, that ƒome thynke
it a greate matter of conƒcience to departe from a peece of
the lea¥e of they° Ceremonies (they bee ƒo addicted to their
olde cu¥omeƒ), and agayne on the other ƒyde, ƒome bee ƒo
newe fangle that they woulde innouate all thyng, and ƒo doe
deƒpyƒe the olde that nothyng canne lyke them, but that is
newe: It was thought expediente not ƒo muche to haue re-
ƒpecte howe to pleaƒe and ƒatiƒfie eyther of theƒe partyes, as
howe to pleaƒe God, and p°ofitte them bothe. And yet le¥e
any manne ƒhould bee offended (whom good reaƒon might
ƒatiƒfie), here be certayne cauƒes rendered, why ƒome of the
accu¥omed Ceremonies be put awaye, and ƒome be retayned
and kept ¥ill.
Some are put awaye, becauƒe the great exce±e and
multytude of them hathe ƒo encreaƒed in theƒe latter dayes,
that the burden of them was intollerable: wherof ƒaincte
Augu¥ine in his tyme complayned, that they were growen
to ƒuche a noumb°e : that the ¥ate of chri¥ian people was in
wurƒe caƒe (concernyng that matter) then were the Jewes.
And he counƒayled that ƒuche yocke and burden ƒhould be
taken awaye: as tyme woulde ƒerue quietely to doe it. But
what woulde ƒaincte Augu¥ine haue ƒayed if he hadde ƒeen
the Ceremonies of late dayes vƒed among vƒ? wherunto the
multitude vƒed in his time was not to bee compared. This
our exce±iue multitude of Ceremonies, was ƒo great, and
many of them ƒo darke: that they dyd mo°e confounde and
darken, then declare and ƒettefo°th Chri¥es benefites vnto
vs. And beƒides this, Chri¥es Goƒpell is not a Ceremoniall
lawe (as muche of Moƒes lawe was,) but it is a relygion to
ƒerue God, not in bondage of the figure o° ƒhadowe: but in the
freedome of ƒpirite, beeyng contente onely wyth thoƒe
ceremonyes whyche dooe ƒerue to a decente o°d°e and godlye
diƒcipline, and ƒuche as bee apte to ¥irre vppe the dulle 
Of Ceremonies.
mynde of manne to the rememb°aunce of his duetie to God,
by ƒome notable and ƒpeciall ƒignificacion, whereby he
myght bee edified.
 ¶ Furthermo°e, the mo¥ weightye cauƒe of the aboliƒhement
of certayne Ceremonies was, that they were ƒo farre
abuƒed, partely by the ƒuper¥icious blyndenes of the rude
and vnlearned, and partelye by the vnƒaciable auarice of
ƒuche as ƒoughte mo°e they° owne lucre than the glo°ye of
God; that the abuƒes coulde not well bee taken awaye, the
thyng remaynyng ¥yll. But nowe as concernyng thoƒe
perƒones, whiche peraduenture will bee offended fo° that
ƒome of the olde Ceremonies are retayned ¥ill: Yf they
conƒyder, that wythoute ƒome Ceremonies it is not po±ible
to kepe anye o°d°e o° quyete dyƒcyplyne in the churche: they
ƒhall eaƒilye perceyue iu¥e cauƒe to refourme they° iudgementes.
And yf they thynke muche that anye of the olde
dooe remayne, and woulde rather haue all deuiƒed anewe:
then ƒuch menne (grauntyng ƒome Ceremonyes conueniente
to bee hadde), ƒurelye where the olde maye bee well vƒed:
there they cannot reaƒonablye rep°oue the olde (onelye fo°
they° age) withoute bew°aiyng of they° owne folye. Fo° in
ƒuche a caƒe they oughte rather to haue reuerence vnto them
fo° they° antyquitye, yf they wyll declare themƒelues to bee
mo°e ¥udious of vnitie and conco°de, then of innouacions
and newe fanglene±e, whiche (as muche as maye bee wyth
the trewe ƒettyng foo°the of Chri¥es religion) is alwayes
to bee eƒchewed. Furthermo°e, ƒuche ƒhall haue no iu¥e cauƒe
wyth the Ceremonies reƒerued, to bee offended: fo° as thoƒe
bee taken awaye whiche were mo¥e abuƒed, and dydde burden
mennes conƒciences wythoute any cauƒe: So the other
that remaine are retained fo° a diƒcipline, & o°d°e, which
(upon iu¥ cauƒes) may be altered and chaunged, & therfo°e
are not to be e¥emed equal with goddes lawe. And mo°eouer 
Of Ceremonies.
they be neyther darke no° dumme ceremonies, but are ƒo ƒet
fo°th that euery man may vnder¥ande what they dooe
meane, and to what vƒe they do ƒerue. So that it is not like
that thei, in time to come, ƒhoulde bee abuƒed as the other
haue been. And in theƒe all our dooynges wee condemne no
other nacions, no° p°eƒcribe anye thyng, but to oure owne
people onelye. Fo° we thinke it conueniente that euery
countreye ƒhould vƒe ƒuch ceremonies, as thei ƒhal
thynke be¥e to the ƒettyng foo°th of goddes
hono°, and glo°ye: and to the reducyng
of the people to a mo¥e perfecte and
Godly liuing, without errour
o° ƒuper¥icion: and that
they ƒhoulde putte
awaye other
thynges,
which from time to time they perceiue
to be mo¥ abuƒed, as in mennes
o°dinaunces it often chaunceth
diuerƒelye in
diuerƒe countreyes.

(. .
 .) 
CERTAYNE NOTES
fo° the mo°e playne explicacion and
decent mini¥racion of thinges, conteined
in thys booke.
N the ƒaying o° ƒinging of Matens & Euenƒong, Baptizyng and
Burying, the mini¥er, in paryƒhe churches and chapels
annexed to the ƒame, ƒhall vƒe a Surples. And in all Cathed°al
churches and Colledges, tharchdeacons, Deanes, P°oue¥es,
Mai¥ers, P°ebendaryes, and fellowes, being Graduates, may vƒe in the
quiere, beƒide they° Surple±es, ƒuch hoodes as pertaineth to their ƒeueral
degrees, which they haue taken in any vniuerƒitie within this realme. But in
all other places, euery mini¥er ƒhall be at libertie to vƒe any Surples o° no.
It is alƒo ƒeemely that Graduates, when they dooe p°eache, ƒhoulde vƒe ƒuch
hoodes as pertayneth to they° ƒeuerall degrees.
¶ And whenƒoeuer the Buƒhop ƒhall celeb°ate the holye communion in the
churche, o° execute any other publique miny¥racyon, he ƒhall haue vpon hym,
beƒyde his rochette, a Surples o° albe, and a cope o° ve¥ment, and alƒo his
pa¥o°all ¥affe in his hande, o° elles bo°ne o° holden by his chapeleyne.
¶ As touching kneeling, cro±ing, holding vp of handes, knocking vpon the
b°e¥, and other ge¥ures: they may be vƒed o° left as euery mans deuocion
ƒerueth without blame.
¶ Alƒo vpon Chri¥mas day, E¥er day, the Aƒcenƒion daye, whitƒoonday,
and the fea¥e of the Trinitie, may bee vƒed anye parte of holye ƒcripture
hereafter to be certaynly limited and appoynted, in the ¥ede of the Letany.
¶ If there bee a ƒermone, o° fo° other greate cauƒe, the Curate by his diƒcrecion
may leaue out the Letanye, Glo°ia in excelƒis, the Crede, thomely, and
the exho°tation to the communion.
Finis.
Imprinted at London in
Fleterete, at the ſigne of the Sunne ouer again
the conduyte, by Edvvarde VVhitchurche.
Theſeuenth daye of Marche, the
yeare of our Lorde,
1549. 
The Kynges Maieie, by
the aduyƒe of his mo¥e deare vncle the Lo°d Protecto°
and other his highnes Counƒell, ¥reightly
chargeth and commaundeth, that no maner
of perƒon do ƒell this p°eƒent booke vnbounde,
aboue the p°ice of .ii. Shyllynges
the piece. And theƒame
bounde in pa¥e o° in boo°-
des, not aboue the p°ice
of three ƒhyllynges
and fourepence
the piece.
God ſaue the Kyng. 