¶ And to take away the ſuperition, which any perſon hath, or might
haue in the Bread and Wine, it all ſuffice that the Bread be ſuch as is vſuall
to be eaten at the Table, with other meates, but the be and pure Wheat 
bread, that conueniently may be gotten. And If any of the Bread and Wine
remaine, the Curate shall haue it to his owne vſe.
¶ The Bread and Wine for the Communion all bee prouided by the
Curate, and the Churchwardens at the charges of the Pari, and the Pari
all be diſcharged of ſuche ſummes of money, or other dueties, which
hitherto they haue paid far the ſame by order of their houſes euery Sunday.
¶ And note that euery Pariioner all communicate, at the lea three
times in the yere, of which Eaer to be one: and all alſo receiue the
Sacramentes, and other Rites, according to the order in this booke appointed.
And yerely at Eaer, euery Pariioner all reckon with his Parſon,
Vicar or Curate, or his, or their deputie or deputies, and pay
to them or him, all Eccleſiaicall dueties,
accuomably due, then and at that
time to be paid. * *
* 
 The Miniration of Baptiſme,
to bee vſed in the Church.
T appeareth by auncient Writers, that the
Sacrament of Baptiſme in the old time, was not
commonly minired, but at two times in the
yeere, at Eaer and Whitſontide. At which
times it was openly minired in the preſence of
al the congregation. Which cuome now being
growne out of vse, (although it can not for
many conſiderations bee well restored agayne) it
is thought good to follow the same as nere as
conueniently may be. Wherefore the people are
to bee admonished, that it is mo conuenient that Baptiſme ould not be
adminired but vpon Sundayes, and other Holy-dayes, when the mo
number of people may come together, as well for that the Congregation
there preſent may teifie the receiuing of them that be newly baptized, into
the number of Chris Church, as alſo becauſe in the Baptiſme of Infants,
euery man preſent may be put in remembrance of his owne profeion made
to God in his Baptiſme. For which cause alſo, it is expedient that Baptiſme
be minired in the Engli tongue. Neuerthelee (if neceity ſo require)
children may at all times be baptized at home.
When there are children to he baptized vpon the Sunday, or Holy-day,
the Parents al giue knowledge ouer night, or in the Morning, afore the
beginning of Morning prayer, to the Curate. And then the Godfathers,
Godmothers, and people, with the children mu be ready at the font, either
immediately after the la Leon at Morning Prayer, or elſe immediately
after the la Leon at Euening prayer, as the Curate by his diſcretion all
appoint. And then andinge there, the Prie ſhall aske whether the children
bee baptized or no. If they aunſwere, No: Then all the Prie ſay thus.
 
Earely beloued, forasmuche a# all
men be conceiued and borne in sin,
