Or elſe this that followeth, of the tenth Chapter of Iohn.
Erily, verely, I ƒay vnto you, He that entreth not in by the doo°e into the ƒheepefold, but climbeth up ƒome other way, the ƒame is a thiefe and a murtherer. But hee that entreth in by the doo°e, is the ƒhepeherd of the ƒheepe, to him the po°ter openeth, and
the ƒheepe heare his voyce, and hee calleth his owne ƒheepe by name,
and leadeth them out. And when hee hath sent foo°th his owne
ƒheepe, hee goeth befo°e them, and the sheepe follow him, fo° they know his voice. A ¥ranger will they not follow, but will flee from
him, for they know not the voyce of ¥rangers. This p°ouerbe ƒpake
Jeƒus vnto them, but they vnder¥ood not what things they were
which hee ƒpake vnto them. Then ƒaid Jeƒus vnto them againe,
Verely, verely, I ƒay vnto you, I am the doo°e of the sheepe: and
all (euen as many as come befo°e mee) are theeues and murderers, but the ƒheepe did not heare them. I am the doo°e : by me if any
I
V
man enter in, he ƒhall be ƒafe, and goe in and out, and finde pa¥ure.
A thiefe cometh not but fo° to ¥eale, kill and to de¥roy. I am come,
that they might haue life, and that they might haue it mo°e abundantly.
I am the good ƒhepherd. A good ƒhepherd giueth his life fo°
the ƒheepe. An hired ƒeruant, and he which is not the shepherd
(neither the ƒheepe are his owne) ƒeeth the wolfe comming, and leaueth
the sheepe and fleeth, and the wolfe catcheth and ƒcattereth the
ƒheepe. The hired ƒervant fleeth, becauƒe hee is an hired ƒeruaunt,
and careth not for the ƒheepe. I am the good ƒhepherd and know my ƒheepe, and am knowne of mine. As my Father knoweth me, euen
ƒo know I alƒo my Father. And I giue my life fo° the ƒheepe. And
other ƒheepe I haue, which are not of this fold: them alƒo mu¥ I
bring, and they ƒhall heare my voyce, and there ƒhall be one foldm and one ƒhepherd.
Or elſe this, of the xx. Chapter of Iohn.
He ƒame day at night, which was the fir¥ day of the Sab- bothes, when the doo°es were ƒhut (where the Diƒciples were a±embled together, fo° feare of the Jewes) came Jeƒus and ¥ood in
the mid¥, and ƒayd vnto them, Peace be vnto you. And when hee
had ƒo ƒayd, he ƒhewed vnto them his hands & his ƒide. Then were
the Diƒciples glad, when they ƒaw the Lo°d. Then ƒaid Jeƒus vnto
them againe, Peace be vnto you: As my Father ƒent me, euen ƒo ƒend I you alƒo. And when he had ƒaid thoƒe wo°ds, he b°eathed on them
and ƒayd vnto them, Receiue ye the holy Gho¥: Whoƒoeuers ƒinnes
yee remit, they are remitted vnto them: and whoƒoeuers ƒinnes ye
retaine, they are retained.
When the Goſpel is ended, then ſhall be ſayd or ſung.
Ome holy Gho¥ eternall God p°oceeding from aboue:
Both from the Father and the Sonne, the God of peace and
loue:
Viƒit oure minds, and into us, thy heauenly grace inƒpire:
That in all truth and godline±e, we may haue true deƒire.
Thou art the very Comforter, in all woe and diƒtre±e:
The heauenly gifte of God mo¥ high, which no tongue can expre±e.

The fountaine and the liuely sp°ing, of ioy cele¥iall:
The fire ƒo bright, the loue ƒo cleare, and Vnction ƒpirituall.
Thou in thy giftes art manifold, whereby Chri¥es Church doth ¥and:
In faithfull hearts w°iting thy Law, the finger of Gods hand.
T
C
Acco°ding to thy p°omiƒe made, thou giue¥ ƒpeech of grace:
That th°ough thy helpe, the p°aiƒe of God, may ƒound in euery
