they be appointed by the Kalender, except there bee proper Leons,
aigned for that day: the Minier that readeth the Leon, anding and
turning him ſo as he may be be heard of all ſuch as be preſent, And
before euery leon, the Minier al ſay thus, The fir, ſecond, third, or
fourth Chapter of Geneſis or Exodus, Matthew, Marke, or other like, as is
appointed in the Kalender, And in thend of euery Chapter, he all ſay,
Here cndeth such a Chapter of such a Booke.
And to the end the people may the better heare in ſuch places where they
doe ſing, there all the Leons be ſung in a plaine tune after the manner
of diin reading: and likewiſe the Epile and Goſpel.
After the fir Leon, all follow, Te Deum laudamus in Englie dayly
throughout the whole yeere. 
E praise the, O God : wee knowledge
thee to be the Lord. Te Deum.
Laudamus. All the earth doth worship thee :
the Father euerlasting.
To thee all Angel# cry aloud :
the heauen# and all the power#
therein.
To thee Cherubin, and Seraphin
: continually doe cry.
Holy, holy, holy : Lorde God of
Sabbaoth.
Heauen and earth are full of the Maiestie : of thy glory.
The gloriou# company of the Apostle# : praise thee.
The goodly fellowship of the Prophet# : praise thee.
The noble armie of Martyr# : praise thee.
The holy Church throrowout all the world : doth knowledge
thee.
The Father : of an infinite Maiestie.
Thine honourable, true : and onely Sonne.
Also the holy Ghost : the Comforter.
Thou art the King of glory : O Christ.
Thou art the euerlasting Sonne : of the Father.
When thou tookest vpon thee to deliuer man : thou diddest not
abhorre the Uirgin# wombe.
When thou hadst ouercome the sharpnesse of death : thou didst
open the Kingdome of heauen to all beleeuer#.
Thou sittest on the right hand of God : in the glory of the
Father.
We beleeue that thou shalt come to be our Judge.
We therefore pray thee helpe thy seruant# : whom thou hast
redeemed with thy preciou# blood.
Make them to be numbred with thy Saint# : in glory euerlasting.

O Lord saue thy people : and blesse thine heritage.
Gouerne them : and lifte them vp for euer.
Day by day : we magnifie thee.
And we worship thy name : euer world without end.
Uouchsafe, O Lorde : to keepe v# thi# day without synne. 
