place.
O holy Gho¥, into oure wits, ƒend downe thy heauenly light:
Kindle our hearts with feruent loue, to ƒerue God day and night. Strength and ¥abliƒh all our weakene±e, ƒo feeble and ƒo fraile:
That neither fleƒh, the world, no° deuill, again¥ us do p°euaile.
Put backe our enemie farre from us, and grant us to obtaine,
Peace in our hearts, with God and man, without grudge o°
disdaine.
And grant O Lo°d that thou being, our leader and our guide:
We may eƒchewe the ƒnares of ƒinne, and from thee neuer ƒlide.
To us ƒuch plentie of thy grace, good Lo°d grant we thee p°ay:
That thou maye¥ be our Comforter, at the la¥ d°eadfull day.
Of all ¥rife and di±ention, O Lo°d, di±olue the bands:
And make the knots of peace and loue, th°oughout all Chri¥ian
lands.
Grant vs O Lo°d, th°ough thee to know the Father mo¥ of
might:
That of his deare beloued Sonne, we may attaine the ƒight,
And that with perfect fayth alƒo, we may acknowledge thee;
The Spirit of them both alway, one God in perƒons th°ee.
Laude and p°aiƒe be to the Father, and to the Sonne equall:
And to the holy Spirite alƒo, one God coeternall.
And p°ay wee that the onely Sonne, vouchƒafe his Spirite to
ƒend:
To all that doe profe±e his Name, vnto the wo°lds end. Amen.
And then the Archdeacon ſhall preſent vnto the Biſhop, all them that ſhall
receiue the order of Priehood that day, the Archedeacon ſayinge,
Euerend Father in God, I preƒent vnto you, theƒe perƒons, p°e-
ƒent, to be admitted to the o°der of P°ie¥hood,
Cum interrogatione & reſponſione, vt in ordine Diaconatus.
And then the Biſhop ſhall ſay to the people,
Ood people, theƒe bee they whom wee purpoƒe, God willing, to
receiue this day vnto the holy o¤ice of P°ie¥hood. Fo° after due examination, we finde not to the contrary, but that they be lawfully called to their function and mini¥erie, and that they bee
perƒons meet fo° the ƒame: but yet if there bee any of you, which
R
G 
knoweth any impediment, o° notable cryme in any of them, fo° the
which hee oughte not to be receiued into this holy mini¥erie, now in the Name of God declare the ƒame.
And if any great crime or impediment be obiected,
Vt ſupra in Ordine Diaconatus vſque ad finem Letanie cum hac Collea.
Lmighty God, giuer of all good thinges, which by thy holy
Spirit ha¥ appointed diuers o°ders of Mini¥ers in thy Church, mercifully behold theƒe thy ƒervants, now called to the office
of Prie¥hood, and repleniƒh them ƒo with the truth of thy doctrine,
and innocencie of life, that both by wo°de and good example,
they may faithfully serue thee in this o¤ice, to the glo°y of thy
Name, and p°ofit of the Congregation, th°ough the merits of our
Sauiour Jeƒus Chri¥, who liueth and reigneth, with thee and the
holy Gho¥, wo°ld without end. Amen.

Then the Biſhop ſhall minier vnto euery of them the Oath,
concerning the Kings Supremacie, as it is ſet forth in the
