Anſwere.
I doe beleeue.
The Biſhop.
Ill you diligently reade the ƒame vnto the people a±embled in
the Church, where you ƒhall be appointed to ƒerue?
Anſwere.
I will.
The Biſhop.
T aopertaineth to the o¤ice of a Deacon in the Church, where he
ƒhall be appointed to a±i¥ the P°ie¥ in deuine Seruice, and ƒpecially
when he mini¥reth the holy Communion, and to helpe him in
di¥ribucion thereof, and to reade holy Scriptures and Homilies in
the Congregation, and to in¥ruct the youth in the Cathechiƒme, to
baptize and to p°eache if he bee admitted thereto by the Biƒhop. And
furthermo°e, it is his o¤ice, where p°ouiƒion is ƒo made, to ƒearch
for the ƒicke, poo°e, and impotent people of the Pariƒh, and to intiD

W
I 
mate their e¥ates, names, and places where they dwell vnto the
Curate, that by his exho°tation they may bee relieued by the Pa- riƒh or other conuenient almes: wil you doe this gladly and willingly?

Anſwere.
I will ƒo doe by the helpe of God.
The Biſhop.
Ill you applie all youre diligence to frame and faƒhion your
owne liues, and the liues of all your familie acco°ding to the doctrin of Chri¥, and to make both your ƒelues and them as much
as in you lieth, wholeƒome examples of the flocke of Chri¥?
Anſwere.
I will ƒo doe, the Lord being my helper.
The Biſhop.
Ill you reuerently obey your Ordinary and other chiefe
Mini¥ers of the Church, and them to whom the gouernement
and charge is committed ouer you, following with a glad
minde and will their godly admonitions?
Anſwere.
I will indeauour my ƒelfe, the Lo°d being my helper.
Then the Biſhop laying his hands ſeuerally vpon the head of euery of them,
ſhall saye.
Take thou authority to execute the o¤ice of a Deacon in the
Church of God committed vnto thee: In the Name of the Father,
the Sonne, and the holy Gho¥. Amen.
Then ſhal the Biſhop deliuer to euery one of them the New Teament, ſaying.
Take thou autho°itie to reade the Goƒpel in the Church of God,
and to p°each the ƒame, if thou be thereto o°dinarily commanded.
 Then one of them appointed by the Biſhop, ſhall reade the Goſpel of that day.
 Then ſhall the Biſhop proceed to the Communion, and all that are ordered shall
tarry and receiue the holy Communion the ſame day with the Biſhop.
The Communion ended, after the la Colle, and immediately before the
Benediction, ſhall be ſaid this Colle following.
