thankefull remembrance of hi# death; and be in charitie with
all men.
¶ So ſoone as the children can ſay in their mother tongue the Articles of the
Faith, the Lords prayer, the ten Commandements, and alſo can anſwere
to ſuch queions of this ort Catechiſme, as the Biop (or ſuch as he
shall appoint) all by his diſcretion appoſe them in : then all they be
brought to the Biop by one that all be their Godfather, or Godmother,
that euery childe may haue a witnee of his Confirmation. And
the Biop all confirme them on this wiſe. 
Confirmation, or laying
on of hands. Minier.
Ur helpe i# in the Name of the Lord.
 Anſwere.
Which hath made heauen and earth.
 Minier.
Blessed i# the Name of the Lord.
 Anſwere.
Hencefoorth world without end.
Minier.
Lord heare our prayer#.
Anſwere.
And let our cry come vnto thee.
¶ Let v# pray.
Lmighty and euerliuing God, who hast vouchsaufed
to regenerate these thy seruant# by water
and the holy Ghost, and hast giuen vnto them forgiuenesse
of all their sinne#: strengthen them wee
beseech thee, O Lord, with the holy Ghost the
Comforter, and dayly increase in them thy manifold gift# of
grace, the Spirit of wisedome and vnderstanding: the Spirit of
Counsell and ghostly strength, the Spirit of knowledge and
true godlinesse, and fulfill them (O Lord) with the Spirit of
thy holy feare. Amen.
¶ Then the Biop all lay his hand vpon euery childe
ſeuerally, ſaying,
Defend, O Lord, thi# childe with thy heauenly grace that
he may continue thine for euer, and dayly increase in thy holy
Spirit more and more, vntill hee come vnto thy euerlasting
Kingdome. Amen.
¶ Then al the Biop ſay,
¶ Let v# pray.
Lmightie euerliuing God, whiche makest v# both
to will, and to doe those thing# that bee good and
acceptable vnto thy Maiestie. Wee make our humble
supplication# vnto thee for these children, vpon
whom (after the example of the holy Apostle#) we 
haue laied our hand#, to certifie them (by thi# signe) of thy
fauour and gracious# goodnesse toward them : Let thy Fatherly
hand, wee beseche thee, euer be ouer them : Let thy holy
Spirit euer bee with them, and so leade them in the knowledge
