Be thou my ¥rong holde (wherunto I may alwaye reƒo°te)
thou ha¥e p°omyƒed to helpe me : fo° thou art my houƒe of
defence, and my ca¥ell.
Deliuer me (O my God) out of the hande of the vngodly,
out of the hande of the vnrighteous and cruell man.
Fo° thou (O Lo°d God) art the thyng that I long fo°, thou
art my hope, euen fro my youth.
Th°ough the haue I been holden vp euer ƒince I was bo°ne,
thou art he that tooke me out of my mothers wombe, my
p°ayƒe ƒhalbe alwaye of thee.
I am become as it were a mon¥er vnto many : but my ƒure
tru¥ is in thee.
Oh let my mouth be filled with thy p°ayƒe (that I may
ƒyng of thy glo°y) and honour all the daye long.
Ca¥ me not awaye in the tyme of age, fo°ƒake me not when
my ¥rength fayleth me.
Fo° mine enemies ƒpeake again¥ me : and they that lay
waite fo° my ƒoule take their couƒayle together, ƒaying :
God hath fo°ƒaken hym, perƒecute hym, and take hym, fo° 
The viƒitacion of the ƒicke.
there is none to delyuer hym.
Goe not ferre fro me, O God : my God, ha¥e thee to helpe me.
Let them be confounded and periƒhe, that are again¥e my
ƒoule : let them be couered with ƒhame & diƒhonour, that ƒeke
to doe me euill.
As fo° me, I will paciently abyde alwaye, and wyll p°ayƒe
thee mo°e and mo°e.
My mouth ƒhall dayly ƒpeakeof thy righteouƒnes and ƒaluacion,
fo° I knowe no ende therof.
I will goe fo°th in the ¥rength of the Lo°de God : and will
make mencion of thy righteouƒne±e onely.
Thou (O God) ha¥e taught me from my youth vp vntil
now, therfo°e wil I tel of thy wonderous wo°kes.
Fo°ƒake me not (O God) in myne olde age, when I am
gray headed, vntill I haue ƒhewed thy ¥rength vnto this
generacion, and thy power to all them that are yet fo° to come.
Thy righteouƒne±e (O God) is very high, and great
thinges are they that thou ha¥e doen : O God who is lyke
vnto thee?
O what great troubles & aduerƒities ha¥ thou ƒhewed me?
and yet didde¥ thou turne and refreƒhe me : yea, and
b°oughte¥ me from the depe of the earth agayne.
Thou ha¥e b°ought me to great honour, & coumfo°ted me on
euery ƒide.
Therfo°e will I p°ayƒe thee & thy faithfulnes (O God)
playing vpon an in¥rument of muƒicke, vnto thee will I
ƒyng vpon the harpe, O thou holy one of Iƒrael.
My lippes will be fayne, when I ƒyng vnto thee: and ƒo will
my ƒoule whom thou ha¥e delyuered.
My tounge alƒo ƒhall talke of thy righteouƒne±e all the daye
