that they knowe befo°e, when theyr courƒe commeth, and maie 
The Communion.
therfo°e diƒpoƒe themƒelues to the wo°thie receiuyng of the
Sacramente. And with hym o° them who doeth ƒo offre the charges
of the Communion: all other, who be then Godly diƒpoƒed thereunto,
ƒhall lykewyƒe receiue the Communion. And by this meanes the
Mini¥er hauyng alwaies ƒome to communicate with him, maie
acco°dingly ƒolempniƒe ƒo high and holy mi¥eries, with all the
ƒuffrages and due o°d°e appoynted fo° the ƒame. And the P°ie¥ on the
weke daie, ƒhall fo°beare to celeb°ate the Communion, excepte he haue
ƒome that will communicate with hym.
Furthermo°e, euery man and woman to be bound to heare and be at
the diuine ƒeruice, in the Pariƒhe churche where they be reƒident, and
there with deuout p°ayer, o° Godlye ƒilence and meditacion, to occupie
themƒelues. There to paie their dueties, to communicate once in the
yeare at the lea¥, and there to receyue, and take all other
Sacramentes and rites, in this booke appoynted. And whoƒoeuer
willyngly vpon no iu¥ cauƒe, doeth abƒent themƒelues, o° doeth
vngodly in the Pariƒhe churche occupie themƒelues: vpon p°offe
therof, by the Eceleƒia¥icall lawes of the Realme to bee
excommunicate, o° ƒuffre other puniƒhement, as ƒhall to the
Eccleƒia¥ical iudge (acco°dyng to his diƒcrecion) ƒeme conuenient.
And although it bee redde in aunciente writers, that the people many
yeares pa¥ receiued at the p°ie¥es handes the Sacrament of the body
of Ch°i¥ in theyr owne handes, and no commaundement of Ch°i¥ to
the contrary: Yet fo°aƒmuche as they many tymes conueyghed the
ƒame ƒecretelye awaye, kept it with them, and diuerƒly abuƒed it to
ƒuper¥icion and wickednes: le¥ any ƒuche thynge hereafter ƒhould be
attempted, and that an vnifo°mitie might be vƒed, th°oughoute the
whole Realme: it is thought conuenient the people commonly receiue
the Sacrament of Ch°i¥es body, in their mouthes, at the P°ie¥es
hande. 

The Letany and Suffrages.
G O D the father of heauen : haue
mercy vpon vs miƒerable ƒynners.
O God the father of heauen : haue mercy vpon
vs miƒerable ƒinners.
O God the ƒonne, redemer of the wo°ld:
haue mercy vpon vs miƒerable ƒinners.
O God the ƒonne, redemer of the wo°ld : haue
mercy vpon vs miƒerable ƒinners.
O God the holy gho¥e, p°ocedyng from the father and the
ƒonne : haue mercy vpon vs miƒerable ƒinners.
O God the holy gho¥, p°ocedyng from the father and the
ƒonne : haue mercy vpon vs miƒerable ƒinners.
O holy, ble±ed, and glo°ious Trinitie, th°ee perƒons and one
God : haue mercye vpon vs miƒerable ƒynners.
O holy, ble±ed, and glo°ious Trinitie, th°ee perƒons and one
God : haue mercye vpon vs miƒerable ƒynners.
