this, mercifull father, fo° the honour of Jeƒu Chri¥e our
onely ƒauio°, mediato°, and aduocate. Amen.
This p°aier ƒhalt alƒo be added.
Lmightie God, we geue thee hertie thankes fo°
this thy ƒeruaunte, whom thou ha¥e delyuered
from the miƒeries of this w°etched wo°ld, from
the body of death and all temptacion. And, as 
At the buriall.
we tru¥, ha¥ b°ought his ƒoule whiche he committed into
thy holye handes, into ƒure conƒolacion and re¥e: Graunte
we beƒeche thee, that at the daye of iudgement his ƒoule and
all the ƒoules of thy electe, departed out of this lyfe, may
with vs and we with them, fully receiue thy p°omi±es, and
be made perfite altogether tho°ow the glo°ious reƒurreccion
of thy ƒonne Jeƒus Chri¥ our Lo°de.
Theƒe pƒalmes with other ƒufirages folowyng
are to be ƒayed in the churche either befo°e o° after
the buriall of the co°ps.
I Am well pleaƒed that the lo°de hath hearde the voyce of
my p°ayer.
That
Dilexi, quoniam.
Pſal. cxvi.
he hath enclined his eare vnto me, therefo°e wil I call
vpon him as long as I liue.
The ƒnares of death compaƒed me round about, and the
paynes of hel, gatte holde vpon me : I ƒhal finde trouble and
heauines, and I ƒhal cal vpon the name of the lo°de, (O
Lo°de) I beƒeche thee deliuer my ƒoule.
Gracious is the lo°d, and righteous, yea, our god is mercifull.

The lo°d p°eƒerueth the ƒimple : I was m miƒery and he
helped me.
Turne agayn then vnto thy re¥, o my ƒoule, fo° the lo°d
hath rewarded thee.
And why? thou ha¥ deliuered my ƒoule from death, mine
iyes from teares, and my feete from fallyng.
I will walke befo°e the lo°de in the lande of the liuing.
I beleued, and therfo°e wil I ƒpeake : but I was ƒo°e troubled.
I ƒayd in my ha¥e : all menne are lyers.
What rewarde ƒhall I geue vnto the lo°de, fo° al the benefites
that he hath doen vnto me?
I wil receiue the cup of ƒaluacion, & call vpon the name of
the lo°de.
I will pay my vowes now in the p°eƒence of all his people :
right dere in the ƒight of the lo°d is the death of hys Saintes. 
At the buriall.
Beholde (O lo°de) how that I am thy ƒeruaunte : I am thy
ƒeruaunt, and the ƒonne of thy handmayde, thou ha¥ b°oken
my bondes in ƒunder.
