Genesis 26:9	And Abimelech called Isaac, and said, Behold, of a surety she is thy wife; and how saidst thou, She is my sister? And Isaac said unto him, Because I said, Lest I die for her.
Genesis 26:10	And Abimelech said, What is this thou hast done unto us? one of the people might lightly have lien with thy wife, and thou shouldest have brought guiltiness upon us.
Genesis 26:11	And Abimelech charged all his people, saying, He that toucheth this man or his wife shall surely be put to death.
Genesis 26:12	Then Isaac sowed in that land, and received in the same year an hundredfold: and the LORD blessed him.
Genesis 26:13	And the man waxed great, and went forward, and grew until he became very great:
Genesis 26:14	For he had possession of flocks, and possession of herds, and great store of servants: and the Philistines envied him.
Genesis 26:15	For all the wells which his father's servants had digged in the days of Abraham his father, the Philistines had stopped them, and filled them with earth.
Genesis 26:16	And Abimelech said unto Isaac, Go from us; for thou art much mightier than we.
Genesis 26:17	And Isaac departed thence, and pitched his tent in the valley of Gerar, and dwelt there.
Genesis 26:18	And Isaac digged again the wells of water, which they had digged in the days of Abraham his father; for the Philistines had stopped them after the death of Abraham: and he called their names after the names by which his father had called them.
Genesis 26:19	And Isaac's servants digged in the valley, and found there a well of springing water.
Genesis 26:20	And the herdmen of Gerar did strive with Isaac's herdmen, saying, The water is ours: and he called the name of the well Esek; because they strove with him.
Genesis 26:21	And they digged another well, and strove for that also: and he called the name of it Sitnah.
Genesis 26:22	And he removed from thence, and digged another well; and for that they strove not: and he called the name of it Rehoboth; and he said, For now the LORD hath made room for us, and we shall be fruitful in the land.
Genesis 26:23	And he went up from thence to Beersheba.
Genesis 26:24	And the LORD appeared unto him the same night, and said, I am the God of Abraham thy father: fear not, for I am with thee, and will bless thee, and multiply thy seed for my servant Abraham's sake.
Genesis 26:25	And he builded an altar there, and called upon the name of the LORD, and pitched his tent there: and there Isaac's servants digged a well.
Genesis 26:26	Then Abimelech went to him from Gerar, and Ahuzzath one of his friends, and Phichol the chief captain of his army.
Genesis 26:27	And Isaac said unto them, Wherefore come ye to me, seeing ye hate me, and have sent me away from you?
Genesis 26:28	And they said, We saw certainly that the LORD was with thee: and we said, Let there be now an oath betwixt us, even betwixt us and thee, and let us make a covenant with thee;
Genesis 26:29	That thou wilt do us no hurt, as we have not touched thee, and as we have done unto thee nothing but good, and have sent thee away in peace: thou art now the blessed of the LORD.
Genesis 26:30	And he made them a feast, and they did eat and drink.
Genesis 26:31	And they rose up betimes in the morning, and sware one to another: and Isaac sent them away, and they departed from him in peace.
Genesis 26:32	And it came to pass the same day, that Isaac's servants came, and told him concerning the well which they had digged, and said unto him, We have found water.
Genesis 26:33	And he called it Shebah: therefore the name of the city is Beersheba unto this day.
Genesis 26:34	And Esau was forty years old when he took to wife Judith the daughter of Beeri the Hittite, and Bashemath the daughter of Elon the Hittite:
Genesis 26:35	Which were a grief of mind unto Isaac and to Rebekah.
Genesis 27:1	And it came to pass, that when Isaac was old, and his eyes were dim, so that he could not see, he called Esau his eldest son, and said unto him, My son: and he said unto him, Behold, here am I.
Genesis 27:2	And he said, Behold now, I am old, I know not the day of my death:
Genesis 27:3	Now therefore take, I pray thee, thy weapons, thy quiver and thy bow, and go out to the field, and take me some venison;
Genesis 27:4	And make me savory meat, such as I love, and bring it to me, that I may eat; that my soul may bless thee before I die.
Genesis 27:5	And Rebekah heard when Isaac spake to Esau his son. And Esau went to the field to hunt for venison, and to bring it.
Genesis 27:6	And Rebekah spake unto Jacob her son, saying, Behold, I heard thy father speak unto Esau thy brother, saying,
Genesis 27:7	Bring me venison, and make me savory meat, that I may eat, and bless thee before the LORD before my death.
Genesis 27:8	Now therefore, my son, obey my voice according to that which I command thee.
Genesis 27:9	Go now to the flock, and fetch me from thence two good kids of the goats; and I will make them savory meat for thy father, such as he loveth:
Genesis 27:10	And thou shalt bring it to thy father, that he may eat, and that he may bless thee before his death.
Genesis 27:11	And Jacob said to Rebekah his mother, Behold, Esau my brother is a hairy man, and I am a smooth man:
Genesis 27:12	My father peradventure will feel me, and I shall seem to him as a deceiver; and I shall bring a curse upon me, and not a blessing.
Genesis 27:13	And his mother said unto him, Upon me be thy curse, my son: only obey my voice, and go fetch me them.
Genesis 27:14	And he went, and fetched, and brought them to his mother: and his mother made savory meat, such as his father loved.
Genesis 27:15	And Rebekah took goodly raiment of her eldest son Esau, which were with her in the house, and put them upon Jacob her younger son:
Genesis 27:16	And she put the skins of the kids of the goats upon his hands, and upon the smooth of his neck:
Genesis 27:17	And she gave the savory meat and the bread, which she had prepared, into the hand of her son Jacob.
Genesis 27:18	And he came unto his father, and said, My father: and he said, Here am I; who art thou, my son?
Genesis 27:19	And Jacob said unto his father, I am Esau thy first born; I have done according as thou badest me: arise, I pray thee, sit and eat of my venison, that thy soul may bless me.
Genesis 27:20	And Isaac said unto his son, How is it that thou hast found it so quickly, my son? And he said, Because the LORD thy God brought it to me.
Genesis 27:21	And Isaac said unto Jacob, Come near, I pray thee, that I may feel thee, my son, whether thou be my very son Esau or not.
Genesis 27:22	And Jacob went near unto Isaac his father; and he felt him, and said, The voice is Jacob's voice, but the hands are the hands of Esau.
Genesis 27:23	And he discerned him not, because his hands were hairy, as his brother Esau's hands: so he blessed him.
