Genesis 24:60	And they blessed Rebekah, and said unto her, Thou art our sister, be thou the mother of thousands of millions, and let thy seed possess the gate of those which hate them.
Genesis 24:61	And Rebekah arose, and her damsels, and they rode upon the camels, and followed the man: and the servant took Rebekah, and went his way.
Genesis 24:62	And Isaac came from the way of the well Lahairoi; for he dwelt in the south country.
Genesis 24:63	And Isaac went out to meditate in the field at the eventide: and he lifted up his eyes, and saw, and, behold, the camels were coming.
Genesis 24:64	And Rebekah lifted up her eyes, and when she saw Isaac, she lighted off the camel.
Genesis 24:65	For she had said unto the servant, What man is this that walketh in the field to meet us? And the servant had said, It is my master: therefore she took a vail, and covered herself.
Genesis 24:66	And the servant told Isaac all things that he had done.
Genesis 24:67	And Isaac brought her into his mother Sarah's tent, and took Rebekah, and she became his wife; and he loved her: and Isaac was comforted after his mother's death.
Genesis 25:1	Then again Abraham took a wife, and her name was Keturah.
Genesis 25:2	And she bare him Zimran, and Jokshan, and Medan, and Midian, and Ishbak, and Shuah.
Genesis 25:3	And Jokshan begat Sheba, and Dedan. And the sons of Dedan were Asshurim, and Letushim, and Leummim.
Genesis 25:4	And the sons of Midian; Ephah, and Epher, and Hanoch, and Abidah, and Eldaah. All these were the children of Keturah.
Genesis 25:5	And Abraham gave all that he had unto Isaac.
Genesis 25:6	But unto the sons of the concubines, which Abraham had, Abraham gave gifts, and sent them away from Isaac his son, while he yet lived, eastward, unto the east country.
Genesis 25:7	And these are the days of the years of Abraham's life which he lived, an hundred threescore and fifteen years.
Genesis 25:8	Then Abraham gave up the ghost, and died in a good old age, an old man, and full of years; and was gathered to his people.
Genesis 25:9	And his sons Isaac and Ishmael buried him in the cave of Machpelah, in the field of Ephron the son of Zohar the Hittite, which is before Mamre;
Genesis 25:10	The field which Abraham purchased of the sons of Heth: there was Abraham buried, and Sarah his wife.
Genesis 25:11	And it came to pass after the death of Abraham, that God blessed his son Isaac; and Isaac dwelt by the well Lahairoi.
Genesis 25:12	Now these are the generations of Ishmael, Abraham's son, whom Hagar the Egyptian, Sarah's handmaid, bare unto Abraham:
Genesis 25:13	And these are the names of the sons of Ishmael, by their names, according to their generations: the firstborn of Ishmael, Nebajoth; and Kedar, and Adbeel, and Mibsam,
Genesis 25:14	And Mishma, and Dumah, and Massa,
Genesis 25:15	Hadar, and Tema, Jetur, Naphish, and Kedemah:
Genesis 25:16	These are the sons of Ishmael, and these are their names, by their towns, and by their castles; twelve princes according to their nations.
Genesis 25:17	And these are the years of the life of Ishmael, an hundred and thirty and seven years: and he gave up the ghost and died; and was gathered unto his people.
Genesis 25:18	And they dwelt from Havilah unto Shur, that is before Egypt, as thou goest toward Assyria: and he died in the presence of all his brethren.
Genesis 25:19	And these are the generations of Isaac, Abraham's son: Abraham begat Isaac:
Genesis 25:20	And Isaac was forty years old when he took Rebekah to wife, the daughter of Bethuel the Syrian of Padanaram, the sister to Laban the Syrian.
Genesis 25:21	And Isaac entreated the LORD for his wife, because she was barren: and the LORD was entreated of him, and Rebekah his wife conceived.
Genesis 25:22	And the children struggled together within her; and she said, If it be so, why am I thus? And she went to inquire of the LORD.
Genesis 25:23	And the LORD said unto her, Two nations are in thy womb, and two manner of people shall be separated from thy bowels; and the one people shall be stronger than the other people; and the elder shall serve the younger.
Genesis 25:24	And when her days to be delivered were fulfilled, behold, there were twins in her womb.
Genesis 25:25	And the first came out red, all over like an hairy garment; and they called his name Esau.
Genesis 25:26	And after that came his brother out, and his hand took hold on Esau's heel; and his name was called Jacob: and Isaac was threescore years old when she bare them.
Genesis 25:27	And the boys grew: and Esau was a cunning hunter, a man of the field; and Jacob was a plain man, dwelling in tents.
Genesis 25:28	And Isaac loved Esau, because he did eat of his venison: but Rebekah loved Jacob.
Genesis 25:29	And Jacob sod pottage: and Esau came from the field, and he was faint:
Genesis 25:30	And Esau said to Jacob, Feed me, I pray thee, with that same red pottage; for I am faint: therefore was his name called Edom.
Genesis 25:31	And Jacob said, Sell me this day thy birthright.
Genesis 25:32	And Esau said, Behold, I am at the point to die: and what profit shall this birthright do to me?
Genesis 25:33	And Jacob said, Swear to me this day; and he sware unto him: and he sold his birthright unto Jacob.
Genesis 25:34	Then Jacob gave Esau bread and pottage of lentils; and he did eat and drink, and rose up, and went his way: thus Esau despised his birthright.
Genesis 26:1	And there was a famine in the land, beside the first famine that was in the days of Abraham. And Isaac went unto Abimelech king of the Philistines unto Gerar.
Genesis 26:2	And the LORD appeared unto him, and said, Go not down into Egypt; dwell in the land which I shall tell thee of:
Genesis 26:3	Sojourn in this land, and I will be with thee, and will bless thee; for unto thee, and unto thy seed, I will give all these countries, and I will perform the oath which I sware unto Abraham thy father;
Genesis 26:4	And I will make thy seed to multiply as the stars of heaven, and will give unto thy seed all these countries; and in thy seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed;
Genesis 26:5	Because that Abraham obeyed my voice, and kept my charge, my commandments, my statutes, and my laws.
Genesis 26:6	And Isaac dwelt in Gerar:
Genesis 26:7	And the men of the place asked him of his wife; and he said, She is my sister: for he feared to say, She is my wife; lest, said he, the men of the place should kill me for Rebekah; because she was fair to look upon.
Genesis 26:8	And it came to pass, when he had been there a long time, that Abimelech king of the Philistines looked out at a window, and saw, and, behold, Isaac was sporting with Rebekah his wife.
