1 Chronicles 21:17	And David said unto God, Is it not I that commanded the people to be numbered? even I it is that have sinned and done evil indeed; but as for these sheep, what have they done? let thine hand, I pray thee, O LORD my God, be on me, and on my father's house; but not on thy people, that they should be plagued.
1 Chronicles 21:18	Then the angel of the LORD commanded Gad to say to David, that David should go up, and set up an altar unto the LORD in the threshingfloor of Ornan the Jebusite.
1 Chronicles 21:19	And David went up at the saying of Gad, which he spake in the name of the LORD.
1 Chronicles 21:20	And Ornan turned back, and saw the angel; and his four sons with him hid themselves. Now Ornan was threshing wheat.
1 Chronicles 21:21	And as David came to Ornan, Ornan looked and saw David, and went out of the threshingfloor, and bowed himself to David with his face to the ground.
1 Chronicles 21:22	Then David said to Ornan, Grant me the place of this threshingfloor, that I may build an altar therein unto the LORD: thou shalt grant it me for the full price: that the plague may be stayed from the people.
1 Chronicles 21:23	And Ornan said unto David, Take it to thee, and let my lord the king do that which is good in his eyes: lo, I give thee the oxen also for burnt offerings, and the threshing instruments for wood, and the wheat for the meat offering; I give it all.
1 Chronicles 21:24	And king David said to Ornan, Nay; but I will verily buy it for the full price: for I will not take that which is thine for the LORD, nor offer burnt offerings without cost.
1 Chronicles 21:25	So David gave to Ornan for the place six hundred shekels of gold by weight.
1 Chronicles 21:26	And David built there an altar unto the LORD, and offered burnt offerings and peace offerings, and called upon the LORD; and he answered him from heaven by fire upon the altar of burnt offering.
1 Chronicles 21:27	And the LORD commanded the angel; and he put up his sword again into the sheath thereof.
1 Chronicles 21:28	At that time when David saw that the LORD had answered him in the threshingfloor of Ornan the Jebusite, then he sacrificed there.
1 Chronicles 21:29	For the tabernacle of the LORD, which Moses made in the wilderness, and the altar of the burnt offering, were at that season in the high place at Gibeon.
1 Chronicles 21:30	But David could not go before it to enquire of God: for he was afraid because of the sword of the angel of the LORD.
1 Chronicles 22:1	Then David said, This is the house of the LORD God, and this is the altar of the burnt offering for Israel.
1 Chronicles 22:2	And David commanded to gather together the strangers that were in the land of Israel; and he set masons to hew wrought stones to build the house of God.
1 Chronicles 22:3	And David prepared iron in abundance for the nails for the doors of the gates, and for the joinings; and brass in abundance without weight;
1 Chronicles 22:4	Also cedar trees in abundance: for the Zidonians and they of Tyre brought much cedar wood to David.
1 Chronicles 22:5	And David said, Solomon my son is young and tender, and the house that is to be builded for the LORD must be exceeding magnificent, of fame and of glory throughout all countries: I will therefore now make preparation for it. So David prepared abundantly before his death.
1 Chronicles 22:6	Then he called for Solomon his son, and charged him to build an house for the LORD God of Israel.
1 Chronicles 22:7	And David said to Solomon, My son, as for me, it was in my mind to build an house unto the name of the LORD my God:
1 Chronicles 22:8	But the word of the LORD came to me, saying, Thou hast shed blood abundantly, and hast made great wars: thou shalt not build an house unto my name, because thou hast shed much blood upon the earth in my sight.
1 Chronicles 22:9	Behold, a son shall be born to thee, who shall be a man of rest; and I will give him rest from all his enemies round about: for his name shall be Solomon, and I will give peace and quietness unto Israel in his days.
1 Chronicles 22:10	He shall build an house for my name; and he shall be my son, and I will be his father; and I will establish the throne of his kingdom over Israel for ever.
1 Chronicles 22:11	Now, my son, the LORD be with thee; and prosper thou, and build the house of the LORD thy God, as he hath said of thee.
1 Chronicles 22:12	Only the LORD give thee wisdom and understanding, and give thee charge concerning Israel, that thou mayest keep the law of the LORD thy God.
1 Chronicles 22:13	Then shalt thou prosper, if thou takest heed to fulfil the statutes and judgments which the LORD charged Moses with concerning Israel: be strong, and of good courage; dread not, nor be dismayed.
1 Chronicles 22:14	Now, behold, in my trouble I have prepared for the house of the LORD an hundred thousand talents of gold, and a thousand thousand talents of silver; and of brass and iron without weight; for it is in abundance: timber also and stone have I prepared; and thou mayest add thereto.
1 Chronicles 22:15	Moreover there are workmen with thee in abundance, hewers and workers of stone and timber, and all manner of cunning men for every manner of work.
1 Chronicles 22:16	Of the gold, the silver, and the brass, and the iron, there is no number. Arise therefore, and be doing, and the LORD be with thee.
1 Chronicles 22:17	David also commanded all the princes of Israel to help Solomon his son, saying,
1 Chronicles 22:18	Is not the LORD your God with you? and hath he not given you rest on every side? for he hath given the inhabitants of the land into mine hand; and the land is subdued before the LORD, and before his people.
1 Chronicles 22:19	Now set your heart and your soul to seek the LORD your God; arise therefore, and build ye the sanctuary of the LORD God, to bring the ark of the covenant of the LORD, and the holy vessels of God, into the house that is to be built to the name of the LORD.
1 Chronicles 23:1	So when David was old and full of days, he made Solomon his son king over Israel.
1 Chronicles 23:2	And he gathered together all the princes of Israel, with the priests and the Levites.
1 Chronicles 23:3	Now the Levites were numbered from the age of thirty years and upward: and their number by their polls, man by man, was thirty and eight thousand.
1 Chronicles 23:4	Of which, twenty and four thousand were to set forward the work of the house of the LORD; and six thousand were officers and judges:
1 Chronicles 23:5	Moreover four thousand were porters; and four thousand praised the LORD with the instruments which I made, said David, to praise therewith.
1 Chronicles 23:6	And David divided them into courses among the sons of Levi, namely, Gershon, Kohath, and Merari.
1 Chronicles 23:7	Of the Gershonites were, Laadan, and Shimei.
1 Chronicles 23:8	The sons of Laadan; the chief was Jehiel, and Zetham, and Joel, three.
1 Chronicles 23:9	The sons of Shimei; Shelomith, and Haziel, and Haran, three. These were the chief of the fathers of Laadan.
1 Chronicles 23:10	And the sons of Shimei were, Jahath, Zina, and Jeush, and Beriah. These four were the sons of Shimei.
1 Chronicles 23:11	And Jahath was the chief, and Zizah the second: but Jeush and Beriah had not many sons; therefore they were in one reckoning, according to their father's house.
1 Chronicles 23:12	The sons of Kohath; Amram, Izhar, Hebron, and Uzziel, four.
1 Chronicles 23:13	The sons of Amram; Aaron and Moses: and Aaron was separated, that he should sanctify the most holy things, he and his sons for ever, to burn incense before the LORD, to minister unto him, and to bless in his name for ever.
1 Chronicles 23:14	Now concerning Moses the man of God, his sons were named of the tribe of Levi.
1 Chronicles 23:15	The sons of Moses were, Gershom, and Eliezer.
1 Chronicles 23:16	Of the sons of Gershom, Shebuel was the chief.
1 Chronicles 23:17	And the sons of Eliezer were, Rehabiah the chief. And Eliezer had none other sons; but the sons of Rehabiah were very many.
