Genesis 43:11	And their father Israel said unto them, If it must be so now, do this; take of the best fruits in the land in your vessels, and carry down the man a present, a little balm, and a little honey, spices, and myrrh, nuts, and almonds:
Genesis 43:12	And take double money in your hand; and the money that was brought again in the mouth of your sacks, carry it again in your hand; peradventure it was an oversight:
Genesis 43:13	Take also your brother, and arise, go again unto the man:
Genesis 43:14	And God Almighty give you mercy before the man, that he may send away your other brother, and Benjamin. If I be bereaved of my children, I am bereaved.
Genesis 43:15	And the men took that present, and they took double money in their hand and Benjamin; and rose up, and went down to Egypt, and stood before Joseph.
Genesis 43:16	And when Joseph saw Benjamin with them, he said to the ruler of his house, Bring these men home, and slay, and make ready; for these men shall dine with me at noon.
Genesis 43:17	And the man did as Joseph bade; and the man brought the men into Joseph's house.
Genesis 43:18	And the men were afraid, because they were brought into Joseph's house; and they said, Because of the money that was returned in our sacks at the first time are we brought in; that he may seek occasion against us, and fall upon us, and take us for bondmen, and our asses.
Genesis 43:19	And they came near to the steward of Joseph's house, and they communed with him at the door of the house,
Genesis 43:20	And said, O sir, we came indeed down at the first time to buy food:
Genesis 43:21	And it came to pass, when we came to the inn, that we opened our sacks, and, behold, every man's money was in the mouth of his sack, our money in full weight: and we have brought it again in our hand.
Genesis 43:22	And other money have we brought down in our hands to buy food: we cannot tell who put our money in our sacks.
Genesis 43:23	And he said, Peace be to you, fear not: your God, and the God of your father, hath given you treasure in your sacks: I had your money. And he brought Simeon out unto them.
Genesis 43:24	And the man brought the men into Joseph's house, and gave them water, and they washed their feet; and he gave their asses provender.
Genesis 43:25	And they made ready the present against Joseph came at noon: for they heard that they should eat bread there.
Genesis 43:26	And when Joseph came home, they brought him the present which was in their hand into the house, and bowed themselves to him to the earth.
Genesis 43:27	And he asked them of their welfare, and said, Is your father well, the old man of whom ye spake? Is he yet alive?
Genesis 43:28	And they answered, Thy servant our father is in good health, he is yet alive. And they bowed down their heads, and made obeisance.
Genesis 43:29	And he lifted up his eyes, and saw his brother Benjamin, his mother's son, and said, Is this your younger brother, of whom ye spake unto me? And he said, God be gracious unto thee, my son.
Genesis 43:30	And Joseph made haste; for his bowels did yearn upon his brother: and he sought where to weep; and he entered into his chamber, and wept there.
Genesis 43:31	And he washed his face, and went out, and refrained himself, and said, Set on bread.
Genesis 43:32	And they set on for him by himself, and for them by themselves, and for the Egyptians, which did eat with him, by themselves: because the Egyptians might not eat bread with the Hebrews; for that is an abomination unto the Egyptians.
Genesis 43:33	And they sat before him, the firstborn according to his birthright, and the youngest according to his youth: and the men marveled one at another.
Genesis 43:34	And he took and sent messes unto them from before him: but Benjamin's mess was five times so much as any of theirs. And they drank, and were merry with him.
Genesis 44:1	And he commanded the steward of his house, saying, Fill the men's sacks with food, as much as they can carry, and put every man's money in his sack's mouth.
Genesis 44:2	And put my cup, the silver cup, in the sack's mouth of the youngest, and his corn money. And he did according to the word that Joseph had spoken.
Genesis 44:3	As soon as the morning was light, the men were sent away, they and their asses.
Genesis 44:4	And when they were gone out of the city, and not yet far off, Joseph said unto his steward, Up, follow after the men; and when thou dost overtake them, say unto them, Wherefore have ye rewarded evil for good?
Genesis 44:5	Is not this it in which my lord drinketh, and whereby indeed he divineth? ye have done evil in so doing.
Genesis 44:6	And he overtook them, and he spake unto them these same words.
Genesis 44:7	And they said unto him, Wherefore saith my lord these words? God forbid that thy servants should do according to this thing:
Genesis 44:8	Behold, the money, which we found in our sacks' mouths, we brought again unto thee out of the land of Canaan: how then should we steal out of thy lord's house silver or gold?
Genesis 44:9	With whomsoever of thy servants it be found, both let him die, and we also will be my lord's bondmen.
Genesis 44:10	And he said, Now also let it be according unto your words: he with whom it is found shall be my servant; and ye shall be blameless.
Genesis 44:11	Then they speedily took down every man his sack to the ground, and opened every man his sack.
Genesis 44:12	And he searched, and began at the eldest, and left at the youngest: and the cup was found in Benjamin's sack.
Genesis 44:13	Then they rent their clothes, and laded every man his ass, and returned to the city.
Genesis 44:14	And Judah and his brethren came to Joseph's house; for he was yet there: and they fell before him on the ground.
Genesis 44:15	And Joseph said unto them, What deed is this that ye have done? wot ye not that such a man as I can certainly divine?
Genesis 44:16	And Judah said, What shall we say unto my lord? what shall we speak? or how shall we clear ourselves? God hath found out the iniquity of thy servants: behold, we are my lord's servants, both we, and he also with whom the cup is found.
Genesis 44:17	And he said, God forbid that I should do so: but the man in whose hand the cup is found, he shall be my servant; and as for you, get you up in peace unto your father.
Genesis 44:18	Then Judah came near unto him, and said, Oh my lord, let thy servant, I pray thee, speak a word in my lord's ears, and let not thine anger burn against thy servant: for thou art even as Pharaoh.
Genesis 44:19	My lord asked his servants, saying, Have ye a father, or a brother?
Genesis 44:20	And we said unto my lord, We have a father, an old man, and a child of his old age, a little one; and his brother is dead, and he alone is left of his mother, and his father loveth him.
Genesis 44:21	And thou saidst unto thy servants, Bring him down unto me, that I may set mine eyes upon him.
Genesis 44:22	And we said unto my lord, The lad cannot leave his father: for if he should leave his father, his father would die.
Genesis 44:23	And thou saidst unto thy servants, Except your youngest brother come down with you, ye shall see my face no more.
Genesis 44:24	And it came to pass when we came up unto thy servant my father, we told him the words of my lord.
Genesis 44:25	And our father said, Go again, and buy us a little food.
Genesis 44:26	And we said, We cannot go down: if our youngest brother be with us, then will we go down: for we may not see the man's face, except our youngest brother be with us.
