Psalms 45:4	And in thy majesty ride prosperously because of truth and meekness and righteousness; and thy right hand shall teach thee terrible things.
Psalms 45:5	Thine arrows are sharp in the heart of the king's enemies; whereby the people fall under thee.
Psalms 45:6	Thy throne, O God, is for ever and ever: the sceptre of thy kingdom is a right sceptre.
Psalms 45:7	Thou lovest righteousness, and hatest wickedness: therefore God, thy God, hath anointed thee with the oil of gladness above thy fellows.
Psalms 45:8	All thy garments smell of myrrh, and aloes, and cassia, out of the ivory palaces, whereby they have made thee glad.
Psalms 45:9	Kings' daughters were among thy honourable women: upon thy right hand did stand the queen in gold of Ophir.
Psalms 45:10	Hearken, O daughter, and consider, and incline thine ear; forget also thine own people, and thy father's house;
Psalms 45:11	So shall the king greatly desire thy beauty: for he is thy Lord; and worship thou him.
Psalms 45:12	And the daughter of Tyre shall be there with a gift; even the rich among the people shall intreat thy favour.
Psalms 45:13	The king's daughter is all glorious within: her clothing is of wrought gold.
Psalms 45:14	She shall be brought unto the king in raiment of needlework: the virgins her companions that follow her shall be brought unto thee.
Psalms 45:15	With gladness and rejoicing shall they be brought: they shall enter into the king's palace.
Psalms 45:16	Instead of thy fathers shall be thy children, whom thou mayest make princes in all the earth.
Psalms 45:17	I will make thy name to be remembered in all generations: therefore shall the people praise thee for ever and ever.
Psalms 46:1	God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble.
Psalms 46:2	Therefore will not we fear, though the earth be removed, and though the mountains be carried into the midst of the sea;
Psalms 46:3	Though the waters thereof roar and be troubled, though the mountains shake with the swelling thereof. Selah.
Psalms 46:4	There is a river, the streams whereof shall make glad the city of God, the holy place of the tabernacles of the most High.
Psalms 46:5	God is in the midst of her; she shall not be moved: God shall help her, and that right early.
Psalms 46:6	The heathen raged, the kingdoms were moved: he uttered his voice, the earth melted.
Psalms 46:7	The LORD of hosts is with us; the God of Jacob is our refuge. Selah.
Psalms 46:8	Come, behold the works of the LORD, what desolations he hath made in the earth.
Psalms 46:9	He maketh wars to cease unto the end of the earth; he breaketh the bow, and cutteth the spear in sunder; he burneth the chariot in the fire.
Psalms 46:10	Be still, and know that I am God: I will be exalted among the heathen, I will be exalted in the earth.
Psalms 46:11	The LORD of hosts is with us; the God of Jacob is our refuge. Selah.
Psalms 47:1	O clap your hands, all ye people; shout unto God with the voice of triumph.
Psalms 47:2	For the LORD most high is terrible; he is a great King over all the earth.
Psalms 47:3	He shall subdue the people under us, and the nations under our feet.
Psalms 47:4	He shall choose our inheritance for us, the excellency of Jacob whom he loved. Selah.
Psalms 47:5	God is gone up with a shout, the LORD with the sound of a trumpet.
Psalms 47:6	Sing praises to God, sing praises: sing praises unto our King, sing praises.
Psalms 47:7	For God is the King of all the earth: sing ye praises with understanding.
Psalms 47:8	God reigneth over the heathen: God sitteth upon the throne of his holiness.
Psalms 47:9	The princes of the people are gathered together, even the people of the God of Abraham: for the shields of the earth belong unto God: he is greatly exalted.
Psalms 48:1	Great is the LORD, and greatly to be praised in the city of our God, in the mountain of his holiness.
Psalms 48:2	Beautiful for situation, the joy of the whole earth, is mount Zion, on the sides of the north, the city of the great King.
Psalms 48:3	God is known in her palaces for a refuge.
Psalms 48:4	For, lo, the kings were assembled, they passed by together.
Psalms 48:5	They saw it, and so they marvelled; they were troubled, and hasted away.
Psalms 48:6	Fear took hold upon them there, and pain, as of a woman in travail.
Psalms 48:7	Thou breakest the ships of Tarshish with an east wind.
Psalms 48:8	As we have heard, so have we seen in the city of the LORD of hosts, in the city of our God: God will establish it for ever. Selah.
Psalms 48:9	We have thought of thy lovingkindness, O God, in the midst of thy temple.
Psalms 48:10	According to thy name, O God, so is thy praise unto the ends of the earth: thy right hand is full of righteousness.
Psalms 48:11	Let mount Zion rejoice, let the daughters of Judah be glad, because of thy judgments.
Psalms 48:12	Walk about Zion, and go round about her: tell the towers thereof.
Psalms 48:13	Mark ye well her bulwarks, consider her palaces; that ye may tell it to the generation following.
Psalms 48:14	For this God is our God for ever and ever: he will be our guide even unto death.
Psalms 49:1	Hear this, all ye people; give ear, all ye inhabitants of the world:
Psalms 49:2	Both low and high, rich and poor, together.
