Genesis 36:11	And the sons of Eliphaz were Teman, Omar, Zepho, and Gatam, and Kenaz.
Genesis 36:12	And Timna was concubine to Eliphaz Esau's son; and she bare to Eliphaz Amalek: these were the sons of Adah Esau's wife.
Genesis 36:13	And these are the sons of Reuel; Nahath, and Zerah, Shammah, and Mizzah: these were the sons of Bashemath Esau's wife.
Genesis 36:14	And these were the sons of Aholibamah, the daughter of Anah the daughter of Zibeon, Esau's wife: and she bare to Esau Jeush, and Jaalam, and Korah.
Genesis 36:15	These were dukes of the sons of Esau: the sons of Eliphaz the firstborn son of Esau; duke Teman, duke Omar, duke Zepho, duke Kenaz,
Genesis 36:16	Duke Korah, duke Gatam, and duke Amalek: these are the dukes that came of Eliphaz in the land of Edom; these were the sons of Adah.
Genesis 36:17	And these are the sons of Reuel Esau's son; duke Nahath, duke Zerah, duke Shammah, duke Mizzah: these are the dukes that came of Reuel in the land of Edom; these are the sons of Bashemath Esau's wife.
Genesis 36:18	And these are the sons of Aholibamah Esau's wife; duke Jeush, duke Jaalam, duke Korah: these were the dukes that came of Aholibamah the daughter of Anah, Esau's wife.
Genesis 36:19	These are the sons of Esau, who is Edom, and these are their dukes.
Genesis 36:20	These are the sons of Seir the Horite, who inhabited the land; Lotan, and Shobal, and Zibeon, and Anah,
Genesis 36:21	And Dishon, and Ezer, and Dishan: these are the dukes of the Horites, the children of Seir in the land of Edom.
Genesis 36:22	And the children of Lotan were Hori and Hemam; and Lotan's sister was Timna.
Genesis 36:23	And the children of Shobal were these; Alvan, and Manahath, and Ebal, Shepho, and Onam.
Genesis 36:24	And these are the children of Zibeon; both Ajah, and Anah: this was that Anah that found the mules in the wilderness, as he fed the asses of Zibeon his father.
Genesis 36:25	And the children of Anah were these; Dishon, and Aholibamah the daughter of Anah.
Genesis 36:26	And these are the children of Dishon; Hemdan, and Eshban, and Ithran, and Cheran.
Genesis 36:27	The children of Ezer are these; Bilhan, and Zaavan, and Akan.
Genesis 36:28	The children of Dishan are these; Uz, and Aran.
Genesis 36:29	These are the dukes that came of the Horites; duke Lotan, duke Shobal, duke Zibeon, duke Anah,
Genesis 36:30	Duke Dishon, duke Ezer, duke Dishan: these are the dukes that came of Hori, among their dukes in the land of Seir.
Genesis 36:31	And these are the kings that reigned in the land of Edom, before there reigned any king over the children of Israel.
Genesis 36:32	And Bela the son of Beor reigned in Edom: and the name of his city was Dinhabah.
Genesis 36:33	And Bela died, and Jobab the son of Zerah of Bozrah reigned in his stead.
Genesis 36:34	And Jobab died, and Husham of the land of Temani reigned in his stead.
Genesis 36:35	And Husham died, and Hadad the son of Bedad, who smote Midian in the field of Moab, reigned in his stead: and the name of his city was Avith.
Genesis 36:36	And Hadad died, and Samlah of Masrekah reigned in his stead.
Genesis 36:37	And Samlah died, and Saul of Rehoboth by the river reigned in his stead.
Genesis 36:38	And Saul died, and Baalhanan the son of Achbor reigned in his stead.
Genesis 36:39	And Baalhanan the son of Achbor died, and Hadar reigned in his stead: and the name of his city was Pau; and his wife's name was Mehetabel, the daughter of Matred, the daughter of Mezahab.
Genesis 36:40	And these are the names of the dukes that came of Esau, according to their families, after their places, by their names; duke Timnah, duke Alvah, duke Jetheth,
Genesis 36:41	Duke Aholibamah, duke Elah, duke Pinon,
Genesis 36:42	Duke Kenaz, duke Teman, duke Mibzar,
Genesis 36:43	Duke Magdiel, duke Iram: these be the dukes of Edom, according to their habitations in the land of their possession: he is Esau the father of the Edomites.
Genesis 37:1	And Jacob dwelt in the land wherein his father was a stranger, in the land of Canaan.
Genesis 37:2	These are the generations of Jacob. Joseph, being seventeen years old, was feeding the flock with his brethren; and the lad was with the sons of Bilhah, and with the sons of Zilpah, his father's wives: and Joseph brought unto his father their evil report.
Genesis 37:3	Now Israel loved Joseph more than all his children, because he was the son of his old age: and he made him a coat of many colors.
Genesis 37:4	And when his brethren saw that their father loved him more than all his brethren, they hated him, and could not speak peaceably unto him.
Genesis 37:5	And Joseph dreamed a dream, and he told it his brethren: and they hated him yet the more.
Genesis 37:6	And he said unto them, Hear, I pray you, this dream which I have dreamed:
Genesis 37:7	For, behold, we were binding sheaves in the field, and, lo, my sheaf arose, and also stood upright; and, behold, your sheaves stood round about, and made obeisance to my sheaf.
Genesis 37:8	And his brethren said to him, Shalt thou indeed reign over us? or shalt thou indeed have dominion over us? And they hated him yet the more for his dreams, and for his words.
Genesis 37:9	And he dreamed yet another dream, and told it his brethren, and said, Behold, I have dreamed a dream more; and, behold, the sun and the moon and the eleven stars made obeisance to me.
Genesis 37:10	And he told it to his father, and to his brethren: and his father rebuked him, and said unto him, What is this dream that thou hast dreamed? Shall I and thy mother and thy brethren indeed come to bow down ourselves to thee to the earth?
Genesis 37:11	And his brethren envied him; but his father observed the saying.
Genesis 37:12	And his brethren went to feed their father's flock in Shechem.
Genesis 37:13	And Israel said unto Joseph, Do not thy brethren feed the flock in Shechem? come, and I will send thee unto them. And he said to him, Here am I.
Genesis 37:14	And he said to him, Go, I pray thee, see whether it be well with thy brethren, and well with the flocks; and bring me word again. So he sent him out of the vale of Hebron, and he came to Shechem.
Genesis 37:15	And a certain man found him, and, behold, he was wandering in the field: and the man asked him, saying, What seekest thou?
Genesis 37:16	And he said, I seek my brethren: tell me, I pray thee, where they feed their flocks.
Genesis 37:17	And the man said, They are departed hence; for I heard them say, Let us go to Dothan. And Joseph went after his brethren, and found them in Dothan.
