Psalms 59:11	Slay them not, lest my people forget: scatter them by thy power; and bring them down, O Lord our shield.
Psalms 59:12	For the sin of their mouth and the words of their lips let them even be taken in their pride: and for cursing and lying which they speak.
Psalms 59:13	Consume them in wrath, consume them, that they may not be: and let them know that God ruleth in Jacob unto the ends of the earth. Selah.
Psalms 59:14	And at evening let them return; and let them make a noise like a dog, and go round about the city.
Psalms 59:15	Let them wander up and down for meat, and grudge if they be not satisfied.
Psalms 59:16	But I will sing of thy power; yea, I will sing aloud of thy mercy in the morning: for thou hast been my defence and refuge in the day of my trouble.
Psalms 59:17	Unto thee, O my strength, will I sing: for God is my defence, and the God of my mercy.
Psalms 60:1	O God, thou hast cast us off, thou hast scattered us, thou hast been displeased; O turn thyself to us again.
Psalms 60:2	Thou hast made the earth to tremble; thou hast broken it: heal the breaches thereof; for it shaketh.
Psalms 60:3	Thou hast shewed thy people hard things: thou hast made us to drink the wine of astonishment.
Psalms 60:4	Thou hast given a banner to them that fear thee, that it may be displayed because of the truth. Selah.
Psalms 60:5	That thy beloved may be delivered; save with thy right hand, and hear me.
Psalms 60:6	God hath spoken in his holiness; I will rejoice, I will divide Shechem, and mete out the valley of Succoth.
Psalms 60:7	Gilead is mine, and Manasseh is mine; Ephraim also is the strength of mine head; Judah is my lawgiver;
Psalms 60:8	Moab is my washpot; over Edom will I cast out my shoe: Philistia, triumph thou because of me.
Psalms 60:9	Who will bring me into the strong city? who will lead me into Edom?
Psalms 60:10	Wilt not thou, O God, which hadst cast us off? and thou, O God, which didst not go out with our armies?
Psalms 60:11	Give us help from trouble: for vain is the help of man.
Psalms 60:12	Through God we shall do valiantly: for he it is that shall tread down our enemies.
Psalms 61:1	Hear my cry, O God; attend unto my prayer.
Psalms 61:2	From the end of the earth will I cry unto thee, when my heart is overwhelmed: lead me to the rock that is higher than I.
Psalms 61:3	For thou hast been a shelter for me, and a strong tower from the enemy.
Psalms 61:4	I will abide in thy tabernacle for ever: I will trust in the covert of thy wings. Selah.
Psalms 61:5	For thou, O God, hast heard my vows: thou hast given me the heritage of those that fear thy name.
Psalms 61:6	Thou wilt prolong the king's life: and his years as many generations.
Psalms 61:7	He shall abide before God for ever: O prepare mercy and truth, which may preserve him.
Psalms 61:8	So will I sing praise unto thy name for ever, that I may daily perform my vows.
Psalms 62:1	Truly my soul waiteth upon God: from him cometh my salvation.
Psalms 62:2	He only is my rock and my salvation; he is my defence; I shall not be greatly moved.
Psalms 62:3	How long will ye imagine mischief against a man? ye shall be slain all of you: as a bowing wall shall ye be, and as a tottering fence.
Psalms 62:4	They only consult to cast him down from his excellency: they delight in lies: they bless with their mouth, but they curse inwardly. Selah.
Psalms 62:5	My soul, wait thou only upon God; for my expectation is from him.
Psalms 62:6	He only is my rock and my salvation: he is my defence; I shall not be moved.
Psalms 62:7	In God is my salvation and my glory: the rock of my strength, and my refuge, is in God.
Psalms 62:8	Trust in him at all times; ye people, pour out your heart before him: God is a refuge for us. Selah.
Psalms 62:9	Surely men of low degree are vanity, and men of high degree are a lie: to be laid in the balance, they are altogether lighter than vanity.
Psalms 62:10	Trust not in oppression, and become not vain in robbery: if riches increase, set not your heart upon them.
Psalms 62:11	God hath spoken once; twice have I heard this; that power belongeth unto God.
Psalms 62:12	Also unto thee, O Lord, belongeth mercy: for thou renderest to every man according to his work.
Psalms 63:1	O God, thou art my God; early will I seek thee: my soul thirsteth for thee, my flesh longeth for thee in a dry and thirsty land, where no water is;
Psalms 63:2	To see thy power and thy glory, so as I have seen thee in the sanctuary.
Psalms 63:3	Because thy lovingkindness is better than life, my lips shall praise thee.
Psalms 63:4	Thus will I bless thee while I live: I will lift up my hands in thy name.
Psalms 63:5	My soul shall be satisfied as with marrow and fatness; and my mouth shall praise thee with joyful lips:
Psalms 63:6	When I remember thee upon my bed, and meditate on thee in the night watches.
Psalms 63:7	Because thou hast been my help, therefore in the shadow of thy wings will I rejoice.
Psalms 63:8	My soul followeth hard after thee: thy right hand upholdeth me.
Psalms 63:9	But those that seek my soul, to destroy it, shall go into the lower parts of the earth.
Psalms 63:10	They shall fall by the sword: they shall be a portion for foxes.
Psalms 63:11	But the king shall rejoice in God; every one that sweareth by him shall glory: but the mouth of them that speak lies shall be stopped.
