Psalms 38:11	My lovers and my friends stand aloof from my sore; and my kinsmen stand afar off.
Psalms 38:12	They also that seek after my life lay snares for me: and they that seek my hurt speak mischievous things, and imagine deceits all the day long.
Psalms 38:13	But I, as a deaf man, heard not; and I was as a dumb man that openeth not his mouth.
Psalms 38:14	Thus I was as a man that heareth not, and in whose mouth are no reproofs.
Psalms 38:15	For in thee, O LORD, do I hope: thou wilt hear, O Lord my God.
Psalms 38:16	For I said, Hear me, lest otherwise they should rejoice over me: when my foot slippeth, they magnify themselves against me.
Psalms 38:17	For I am ready to halt, and my sorrow is continually before me.
Psalms 38:18	For I will declare mine iniquity; I will be sorry for my sin.
Psalms 38:19	But mine enemies are lively, and they are strong: and they that hate me wrongfully are multiplied.
Psalms 38:20	They also that render evil for good are mine adversaries; because I follow the thing that good is.
Psalms 38:21	Forsake me not, O LORD: O my God, be not far from me.
Psalms 38:22	Make haste to help me, O Lord my salvation.
Psalms 39:1	I said, I will take heed to my ways, that I sin not with my tongue: I will keep my mouth with a bridle, while the wicked is before me.
Psalms 39:2	I was dumb with silence, I held my peace, even from good; and my sorrow was stirred.
Psalms 39:3	My heart was hot within me, while I was musing the fire burned: then spake I with my tongue,
Psalms 39:4	LORD, make me to know mine end, and the measure of my days, what it is: that I may know how frail I am.
Psalms 39:5	Behold, thou hast made my days as an handbreadth; and mine age is as nothing before thee: verily every man at his best state is altogether vanity. Selah.
Psalms 39:6	Surely every man walketh in a vain shew: surely they are disquieted in vain: he heapeth up riches, and knoweth not who shall gather them.
Psalms 39:7	And now, Lord, what wait I for? my hope is in thee.
Psalms 39:8	Deliver me from all my transgressions: make me not the reproach of the foolish.
Psalms 39:9	I was dumb, I opened not my mouth; because thou didst it.
Psalms 39:10	Remove thy stroke away from me: I am consumed by the blow of thine hand.
Psalms 39:11	When thou with rebukes dost correct man for iniquity, thou makest his beauty to consume away like a moth: surely every man is vanity. Selah.
Psalms 39:12	Hear my prayer, O LORD, and give ear unto my cry; hold not thy peace at my tears: for I am a stranger with thee, and a sojourner, as all my fathers were.
Psalms 39:13	O spare me, that I may recover strength, before I go hence, and be no more.
Psalms 40:1	I waited patiently for the LORD; and he inclined unto me, and heard my cry.
Psalms 40:2	He brought me up also out of an horrible pit, out of the miry clay, and set my feet upon a rock, and established my goings.
Psalms 40:3	And he hath put a new song in my mouth, even praise unto our God: many shall see it, and fear, and shall trust in the LORD.
Psalms 40:4	Blessed is that man that maketh the LORD his trust, and respecteth not the proud, nor such as turn aside to lies.
Psalms 40:5	Many, O LORD my God, are thy wonderful works which thou hast done, and thy thoughts which are to us-ward: they cannot be reckoned up in order unto thee: if I would declare and speak of them, they are more than can be numbered.
Psalms 40:6	Sacrifice and offering thou didst not desire; mine ears hast thou opened: burnt offering and sin offering hast thou not required.
Psalms 40:7	Then said I, Lo, I come: in the volume of the book it is written of me,
Psalms 40:8	I delight to do thy will, O my God: yea, thy law is within my heart.
Psalms 40:9	I have preached righteousness in the great congregation: lo, I have not refrained my lips, O LORD, thou knowest.
Psalms 40:10	I have not hid thy righteousness within my heart; I have declared thy faithfulness and thy salvation: I have not concealed thy lovingkindness and thy truth from the great congregation.
Psalms 40:11	Withhold not thou thy tender mercies from me, O LORD: let thy lovingkindness and thy truth continually preserve me.
Psalms 40:12	For innumerable evils have compassed me about: mine iniquities have taken hold upon me, so that I am not able to look up; they are more than the hairs of mine head: therefore my heart faileth me.
Psalms 40:13	Be pleased, O LORD, to deliver me: O LORD, make haste to help me.
Psalms 40:14	Let them be ashamed and confounded together that seek after my soul to destroy it; let them be driven backward and put to shame that wish me evil.
Psalms 40:15	Let them be desolate for a reward of their shame that say unto me, Aha, aha.
Psalms 40:16	Let all those that seek thee rejoice and be glad in thee: let such as love thy salvation say continually, The LORD be magnified.
Psalms 40:17	But I am poor and needy; yet the Lord thinketh upon me: thou art my help and my deliverer; make no tarrying, O my God.
Psalms 41:1	Blessed is he that considereth the poor: the LORD will deliver him in time of trouble.
Psalms 41:2	The LORD will preserve him, and keep him alive; and he shall be blessed upon the earth: and thou wilt not deliver him unto the will of his enemies.
Psalms 41:3	The LORD will strengthen him upon the bed of languishing: thou wilt make all his bed in his sickness.
Psalms 41:4	I said, LORD, be merciful unto me: heal my soul; for I have sinned against thee.
Psalms 41:5	Mine enemies speak evil of me, When shall he die, and his name perish?
Psalms 41:6	And if he come to see me, he speaketh vanity: his heart gathereth iniquity to itself; when he goeth abroad, he telleth it.
Psalms 41:7	All that hate me whisper together against me: against me do they devise my hurt.
Psalms 41:8	An evil disease, say they, cleaveth fast unto him: and now that he lieth he shall rise up no more.
