Job 41:13	Who can discover the face of his garment? or who can come to him with his double bridle?
Job 41:14	Who can open the doors of his face? his teeth are terrible round about.
Job 41:15	His scales are his pride, shut up together as with a close seal.
Job 41:16	One is so near to another, that no air can come between them.
Job 41:17	They are joined one to another, they stick together, that they cannot be sundered.
Job 41:18	By his neesings a light doth shine, and his eyes are like the eyelids of the morning.
Job 41:19	Out of his mouth go burning lamps, and sparks of fire leap out.
Job 41:20	Out of his nostrils goeth smoke, as out of a seething pot or caldron.
Job 41:21	His breath kindleth coals, and a flame goeth out of his mouth.
Job 41:22	In his neck remaineth strength, and sorrow is turned into joy before him.
Job 41:23	The flakes of his flesh are joined together: they are firm in themselves; they cannot be moved.
Job 41:24	His heart is as firm as a stone; yea, as hard as a piece of the nether millstone.
Job 41:25	When he raiseth up himself, the mighty are afraid: by reason of breakings they purify themselves.
Job 41:26	The sword of him that layeth at him cannot hold: the spear, the dart, nor the habergeon.
Job 41:27	He esteemeth iron as straw, and brass as rotten wood.
Job 41:28	The arrow cannot make him flee: slingstones are turned with him into stubble.
Job 41:29	Darts are counted as stubble: he laugheth at the shaking of a spear.
Job 41:30	Sharp stones are under him: he spreadeth sharp pointed things upon the mire.
Job 41:31	He maketh the deep to boil like a pot: he maketh the sea like a pot of ointment.
Job 41:32	He maketh a path to shine after him; one would think the deep to be hoary.
Job 41:33	Upon earth there is not his like, who is made without fear.
Job 41:34	He beholdeth all high things: he is a king over all the children of pride.
Job 42:1	Then Job answered the LORD, and said,
Job 42:2	I know that thou canst do every thing, and that no thought can be withholden from thee.
Job 42:3	Who is he that hideth counsel without knowledge? therefore have I uttered that I understood not; things too wonderful for me, which I knew not.
Job 42:4	Hear, I beseech thee, and I will speak: I will demand of thee, and declare thou unto me.
Job 42:5	I have heard of thee by the hearing of the ear: but now mine eye seeth thee.
Job 42:6	Wherefore I abhor myself, and repent in dust and ashes.
Job 42:7	And it was so, that after the LORD had spoken these words unto Job, the LORD said to Eliphaz the Temanite, My wrath is kindled against thee, and against thy two friends: for ye have not spoken of me the thing that is right, as my servant Job hath.
Job 42:8	Therefore take unto you now seven bullocks and seven rams, and go to my servant Job, and offer up for yourselves a burnt offering; and my servant Job shall pray for you: for him will I accept: lest I deal with you after your folly, in that ye have not spoken of me the thing which is right, like my servant Job.
Job 42:9	So Eliphaz the Temanite and Bildad the Shuhite and Zophar the Naamathite went, and did according as the LORD commanded them: the LORD also accepted Job.
Job 42:10	And the LORD turned the captivity of Job, when he prayed for his friends: also the LORD gave Job twice as much as he had before.
Job 42:11	Then came there unto him all his brethren, and all his sisters, and all they that had been of his acquaintance before, and did eat bread with him in his house: and they bemoaned him, and comforted him over all the evil that the LORD had brought upon him: every man also gave him a piece of money, and every one an earring of gold.
Job 42:12	So the LORD blessed the latter end of Job more than his beginning: for he had fourteen thousand sheep, and six thousand camels, and a thousand yoke of oxen, and a thousand she asses.
Job 42:13	He had also seven sons and three daughters.
Job 42:14	And he called the name of the first, Jemima; and the name of the second, Kezia; and the name of the third, Kerenhappuch.
Job 42:15	And in all the land were no women found so fair as the daughters of Job: and their father gave them inheritance among their brethren.
Job 42:16	After this lived Job an hundred and forty years, and saw his sons, and his sons' sons, even four generations.
Job 42:17	So Job died, being old and full of days.
Psalms 1:1	Blessed is the man that walketh not in the counsel of the ungodly, nor standeth in the way of sinners, nor sitteth in the seat of the scornful.
Psalms 1:2	But his delight is in the law of the LORD; and in his law doth he meditate day and night.
Psalms 1:3	And he shall be like a tree planted by the rivers of water, that bringeth forth his fruit in his season; his leaf also shall not wither; and whatsoever he doeth shall prosper.
Psalms 1:4	The ungodly are not so: but are like the chaff which the wind driveth away.
Psalms 1:5	Therefore the ungodly shall not stand in the judgment, nor sinners in the congregation of the righteous.
Psalms 1:6	For the LORD knoweth the way of the righteous: but the way of the ungodly shall perish.
Psalms 2:1	Why do the heathen rage, and the people imagine a vain thing?
Psalms 2:2	The kings of the earth set themselves, and the rulers take counsel together, against the LORD, and against his anointed, saying,
Psalms 2:3	Let us break their bands asunder, and cast away their cords from us.
Psalms 2:4	He that sitteth in the heavens shall laugh: the LORD shall have them in derision.
Psalms 2:5	Then shall he speak unto them in his wrath, and vex them in his sore displeasure.
