Psalms 51:10	Create in me a clean heart, O God; and renew a right spirit within me.
Psalms 51:11	Cast me not away from thy presence; and take not thy holy spirit from me.
Psalms 51:12	Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation; and uphold me with thy free spirit.
Psalms 51:13	Then will I teach transgressors thy ways; and sinners shall be converted unto thee.
Psalms 51:14	Deliver me from bloodguiltiness, O God, thou God of my salvation: and my tongue shall sing aloud of thy righteousness.
Psalms 51:15	O Lord, open thou my lips; and my mouth shall shew forth thy praise.
Psalms 51:16	For thou desirest not sacrifice; else would I give it: thou delightest not in burnt offering.
Psalms 51:17	The sacrifices of God are a broken spirit: a broken and a contrite heart, O God, thou wilt not despise.
Psalms 51:18	Do good in thy good pleasure unto Zion: build thou the walls of Jerusalem.
Psalms 51:19	Then shalt thou be pleased with the sacrifices of righteousness, with burnt offering and whole burnt offering: then shall they offer bullocks upon thine altar.
Psalms 52:1	Why boastest thou thyself in mischief, O mighty man? the goodness of God endureth continually.
Psalms 52:2	The tongue deviseth mischiefs; like a sharp razor, working deceitfully.
Psalms 52:3	Thou lovest evil more than good; and lying rather than to speak righteousness. Selah.
Psalms 52:4	Thou lovest all devouring words, O thou deceitful tongue.
Psalms 52:5	God shall likewise destroy thee for ever, he shall take thee away, and pluck thee out of thy dwelling place, and root thee out of the land of the living. Selah.
Psalms 52:6	The righteous also shall see, and fear, and shall laugh at him:
Psalms 52:7	Lo, this is the man that made not God his strength; but trusted in the abundance of his riches, and strengthened himself in his wickedness.
Psalms 52:8	But I am like a green olive tree in the house of God: I trust in the mercy of God for ever and ever.
Psalms 52:9	I will praise thee for ever, because thou hast done it: and I will wait on thy name; for it is good before thy saints.
Psalms 53:1	The fool hath said in his heart, There is no God. Corrupt are they, and have done abominable iniquity: there is none that doeth good.
Psalms 53:2	God looked down from heaven upon the children of men, to see if there were any that did understand, that did seek God.
Psalms 53:3	Every one of them is gone back: they are altogether become filthy; there is none that doeth good, no, not one.
Psalms 53:4	Have the workers of iniquity no knowledge? who eat up my people as they eat bread: they have not called upon God.
Psalms 53:5	There were they in great fear, where no fear was: for God hath scattered the bones of him that encampeth against thee: thou hast put them to shame, because God hath despised them.
Psalms 53:6	Oh that the salvation of Israel were come out of Zion! When God bringeth back the captivity of his people, Jacob shall rejoice, and Israel shall be glad.
Psalms 54:1	Save me, O God, by thy name, and judge me by thy strength.
Psalms 54:2	Hear my prayer, O God; give ear to the words of my mouth.
Psalms 54:3	For strangers are risen up against me, and oppressors seek after my soul: they have not set God before them. Selah.
Psalms 54:4	Behold, God is mine helper: the Lord is with them that uphold my soul.
Psalms 54:5	He shall reward evil unto mine enemies: cut them off in thy truth.
Psalms 54:6	I will freely sacrifice unto thee: I will praise thy name, O LORD; for it is good.
Psalms 54:7	For he hath delivered me out of all trouble: and mine eye hath seen his desire upon mine enemies.
Psalms 55:1	Give ear to my prayer, O God; and hide not thyself from my supplication.
Psalms 55:2	Attend unto me, and hear me: I mourn in my complaint, and make a noise;
Psalms 55:3	Because of the voice of the enemy, because of the oppression of the wicked: for they cast iniquity upon me, and in wrath they hate me.
Psalms 55:4	My heart is sore pained within me: and the terrors of death are fallen upon me.
Psalms 55:5	Fearfulness and trembling are come upon me, and horror hath overwhelmed me.
Psalms 55:6	And I said, Oh that I had wings like a dove! for then would I fly away, and be at rest.
Psalms 55:7	Lo, then would I wander far off, and remain in the wilderness. Selah.
Psalms 55:8	I would hasten my escape from the windy storm and tempest.
Psalms 55:9	Destroy, O Lord, and divide their tongues: for I have seen violence and strife in the city.
Psalms 55:10	Day and night they go about it upon the walls thereof: mischief also and sorrow are in the midst of it.
Psalms 55:11	Wickedness is in the midst thereof: deceit and guile depart not from her streets.
Psalms 55:12	For it was not an enemy that reproached me; then I could have borne it: neither was it he that hated me that did magnify himself against me; then I would have hid myself from him:
Psalms 55:13	But it was thou, a man mine equal, my guide, and mine acquaintance.
Psalms 55:14	We took sweet counsel together, and walked unto the house of God in company.
Psalms 55:15	Let death seize upon them, and let them go down quick into hell: for wickedness is in their dwellings, and among them.
Psalms 55:16	As for me, I will call upon God; and the LORD shall save me.
Psalms 55:17	Evening, and morning, and at noon, will I pray, and cry aloud: and he shall hear my voice.
Psalms 55:18	He hath delivered my soul in peace from the battle that was against me: for there were many with me.
