Isaiah 31:1	Woe to them that go down to Egypt for help; and stay on horses, and trust in chariots, because they are many; and in horsemen, because they are very strong; but they look not unto the Holy One of Israel, neither seek the LORD!
Isaiah 31:2	Yet he also is wise, and will bring evil, and will not call back his words: but will arise against the house of the evildoers, and against the help of them that work iniquity.
Isaiah 31:3	Now the Egyptians are men, and not God; and their horses flesh, and not spirit. When the LORD shall stretch out his hand, both he that helpeth shall fall, and he that is holpen shall fall down, and they all shall fail together.
Isaiah 31:4	For thus hath the LORD spoken unto me, Like as the lion and the young lion roaring on his prey, when a multitude of shepherds is called forth against him, he will not be afraid of their voice, nor abase himself for the noise of them: so shall the LORD of hosts come down to fight for mount Zion, and for the hill thereof.
Isaiah 31:5	As birds flying, so will the LORD of hosts defend Jerusalem; defending also he will deliver it; and passing over he will preserve it.
Isaiah 31:6	Turn ye unto him from whom the children of Israel have deeply revolted.
Isaiah 31:7	For in that day every man shall cast away his idols of silver, and his idols of gold, which your own hands have made unto you for a sin.
Isaiah 31:8	Then shall the Assyrian fall with the sword, not of a mighty man; and the sword, not of a mean man, shall devour him: but he shall flee from the sword, and his young men shall be discomfited.
Isaiah 31:9	And he shall pass over to his strong hold for fear, and his princes shall be afraid of the ensign, saith the LORD, whose fire is in Zion, and his furnace in Jerusalem.
Isaiah 32:1	Behold, a king shall reign in righteousness, and princes shall rule in judgment.
Isaiah 32:2	And a man shall be as an hiding place from the wind, and a covert from the tempest; as rivers of water in a dry place, as the shadow of a great rock in a weary land.
Isaiah 32:3	And the eyes of them that see shall not be dim, and the ears of them that hear shall hearken.
Isaiah 32:4	The heart also of the rash shall understand knowledge, and the tongue of the stammerers shall be ready to speak plainly.
Isaiah 32:5	The vile person shall be no more called liberal, nor the churl said to be bountiful.
Isaiah 32:6	For the vile person will speak villany, and his heart will work iniquity, to practise hypocrisy, and to utter error against the LORD, to make empty the soul of the hungry, and he will cause the drink of the thirsty to fail.
Isaiah 32:7	The instruments also of the churl are evil: he deviseth wicked devices to destroy the poor with lying words, even when the needy speaketh right.
Isaiah 32:8	But the liberal deviseth liberal things; and by liberal things shall he stand.
Isaiah 32:9	Rise up, ye women that are at ease; hear my voice, ye careless daughters; give ear unto my speech.
Isaiah 32:10	Many days and years shall ye be troubled, ye careless women: for the vintage shall fail, the gathering shall not come.
Isaiah 32:11	Tremble, ye women that are at ease; be troubled, ye careless ones: strip you, and make you bare, and gird sackcloth upon your loins.
Isaiah 32:12	They shall lament for the teats, for the pleasant fields, for the fruitful vine.
Isaiah 32:13	Upon the land of my people shall come up thorns and briers; yea, upon all the houses of joy in the joyous city:
Isaiah 32:14	Because the palaces shall be forsaken; the multitude of the city shall be left; the forts and towers shall be for dens for ever, a joy of wild asses, a pasture of flocks;
Isaiah 32:15	Until the spirit be poured upon us from on high, and the wilderness be a fruitful field, and the fruitful field be counted for a forest.
Isaiah 32:16	Then judgment shall dwell in the wilderness, and righteousness remain in the fruitful field.
Isaiah 32:17	And the work of righteousness shall be peace; and the effect of righteousness quietness and assurance for ever.
Isaiah 32:18	And my people shall dwell in a peaceable habitation, and in sure dwellings, and in quiet resting places;
Isaiah 32:19	When it shall hail, coming down on the forest; and the city shall be low in a low place.
Isaiah 32:20	Blessed are ye that sow beside all waters, that send forth thither the feet of the ox and the ass.
Isaiah 33:1	Woe to thee that spoilest, and thou wast not spoiled; and dealest treacherously, and they dealt not treacherously with thee! when thou shalt cease to spoil, thou shalt be spoiled; and when thou shalt make an end to deal treacherously, they shall deal treacherously with thee.
Isaiah 33:2	O LORD, be gracious unto us; we have waited for thee: be thou their arm every morning, our salvation also in the time of trouble.
Isaiah 33:3	At the noise of the tumult the people fled; at the lifting up of thyself the nations were scattered.
Isaiah 33:4	And your spoil shall be gathered like the gathering of the caterpiller: as the running to and fro of locusts shall he run upon them.
Isaiah 33:5	The LORD is exalted; for he dwelleth on high: he hath filled Zion with judgment and righteousness.
Isaiah 33:6	And wisdom and knowledge shall be the stability of thy times, and strength of salvation: the fear of the LORD is his treasure.
Isaiah 33:7	Behold, their valiant ones shall cry without: the ambassadors of peace shall weep bitterly.
Isaiah 33:8	The highways lie waste, the wayfaring man ceaseth: he hath broken the covenant, he hath despised the cities, he regardeth no man.
Isaiah 33:9	The earth mourneth and languisheth: Lebanon is ashamed and hewn down: Sharon is like a wilderness; and Bashan and Carmel shake off their fruits.
Isaiah 33:10	Now will I rise, saith the LORD; now will I be exalted; now will I lift up myself.
Isaiah 33:11	Ye shall conceive chaff, ye shall bring forth stubble: your breath, as fire, shall devour you.
Isaiah 33:12	And the people shall be as the burnings of lime: as thorns cut up shall they be burned in the fire.
Isaiah 33:13	Hear, ye that are far off, what I have done; and, ye that are near, acknowledge my might.
Isaiah 33:14	The sinners in Zion are afraid; fearfulness hath surprised the hypocrites. Who among us shall dwell with the devouring fire? who among us shall dwell with everlasting burnings?
Isaiah 33:15	He that walketh righteously, and speaketh uprightly; he that despiseth the gain of oppressions, that shaketh his hands from holding of bribes, that stoppeth his ears from hearing of blood, and shutteth his eyes from seeing evil;
Isaiah 33:16	He shall dwell on high: his place of defence shall be the munitions of rocks: bread shall be given him; his waters shall be sure.
Isaiah 33:17	Thine eyes shall see the king in his beauty: they shall behold the land that is very far off.
Isaiah 33:18	Thine heart shall meditate terror. Where is the scribe? where is the receiver? where is he that counted the towers?
Isaiah 33:19	Thou shalt not see a fierce people, a people of a deeper speech than thou canst perceive; of a stammering tongue, that thou canst not understand.
Isaiah 33:20	Look upon Zion, the city of our solemnities: thine eyes shall see Jerusalem a quiet habitation, a tabernacle that shall not be taken down; not one of the stakes thereof shall ever be removed, neither shall any of the cords thereof be broken.
Isaiah 33:21	But there the glorious LORD will be unto us a place of broad rivers and streams; wherein shall go no galley with oars, neither shall gallant ship pass thereby.
