Psalms 68:1	Let God arise, let his enemies be scattered: let them also that hate him flee before him.
Psalms 68:2	As smoke is driven away, so drive them away: as wax melteth before the fire, so let the wicked perish at the presence of God.
Psalms 68:3	But let the righteous be glad; let them rejoice before God: yea, let them exceedingly rejoice.
Psalms 68:4	Sing unto God, sing praises to his name: extol him that rideth upon the heavens by his name JAH, and rejoice before him.
Psalms 68:5	A father of the fatherless, and a judge of the widows, is God in his holy habitation.
Psalms 68:6	God setteth the solitary in families: he bringeth out those which are bound with chains: but the rebellious dwell in a dry land.
Psalms 68:7	O God, when thou wentest forth before thy people, when thou didst march through the wilderness; Selah:
Psalms 68:8	The earth shook, the heavens also dropped at the presence of God: even Sinai itself was moved at the presence of God, the God of Israel.
Psalms 68:9	Thou, O God, didst send a plentiful rain, whereby thou didst confirm thine inheritance, when it was weary.
Psalms 68:10	Thy congregation hath dwelt therein: thou, O God, hast prepared of thy goodness for the poor.
Psalms 68:11	The Lord gave the word: great was the company of those that published it.
Psalms 68:12	Kings of armies did flee apace: and she that tarried at home divided the spoil.
Psalms 68:13	Though ye have lien among the pots, yet shall ye be as the wings of a dove covered with silver, and her feathers with yellow gold.
Psalms 68:14	When the Almighty scattered kings in it, it was white as snow in Salmon.
Psalms 68:15	The hill of God is as the hill of Bashan; an high hill as the hill of Bashan.
Psalms 68:16	Why leap ye, ye high hills? this is the hill which God desireth to dwell in; yea, the LORD will dwell in it for ever.
Psalms 68:17	The chariots of God are twenty thousand, even thousands of angels: the Lord is among them, as in Sinai, in the holy place.
Psalms 68:18	Thou hast ascended on high, thou hast led captivity captive: thou hast received gifts for men; yea, for the rebellious also, that the LORD God might dwell among them.
Psalms 68:19	Blessed be the Lord, who daily loadeth us with benefits, even the God of our salvation. Selah.
Psalms 68:20	He that is our God is the God of salvation; and unto GOD the Lord belong the issues from death.
Psalms 68:21	But God shall wound the head of his enemies, and the hairy scalp of such an one as goeth on still in his trespasses.
Psalms 68:22	The Lord said, I will bring again from Bashan, I will bring my people again from the depths of the sea:
Psalms 68:23	That thy foot may be dipped in the blood of thine enemies, and the tongue of thy dogs in the same.
Psalms 68:24	They have seen thy goings, O God; even the goings of my God, my King, in the sanctuary.
Psalms 68:25	The singers went before, the players on instruments followed after; among them were the damsels playing with timbrels.
Psalms 68:26	Bless ye God in the congregations, even the Lord, from the fountain of Israel.
Psalms 68:27	There is little Benjamin with their ruler, the princes of Judah and their council, the princes of Zebulun, and the princes of Naphtali.
Psalms 68:28	Thy God hath commanded thy strength: strengthen, O God, that which thou hast wrought for us.
Psalms 68:29	Because of thy temple at Jerusalem shall kings bring presents unto thee.
Psalms 68:30	Rebuke the company of spearmen, the multitude of the bulls, with the calves of the people, till every one submit himself with pieces of silver: scatter thou the people that delight in war.
Psalms 68:31	Princes shall come out of Egypt; Ethiopia shall soon stretch out her hands unto God.
Psalms 68:32	Sing unto God, ye kingdoms of the earth; O sing praises unto the Lord; Selah:
Psalms 68:33	To him that rideth upon the heavens of heavens, which were of old; lo, he doth send out his voice, and that a mighty voice.
Psalms 68:34	Ascribe ye strength unto God: his excellency is over Israel, and his strength is in the clouds.
Psalms 68:35	O God, thou art terrible out of thy holy places: the God of Israel is he that giveth strength and power unto his people. Blessed be God.
Psalms 69:1	Save me, O God; for the waters are come in unto my soul.
Psalms 69:2	I sink in deep mire, where there is no standing: I am come into deep waters, where the floods overflow me.
Psalms 69:3	I am weary of my crying: my throat is dried: mine eyes fail while I wait for my God.
Psalms 69:4	They that hate me without a cause are more than the hairs of mine head: they that would destroy me, being mine enemies wrongfully, are mighty: then I restored that which I took not away.
Psalms 69:5	O God, thou knowest my foolishness; and my sins are not hid from thee.
Psalms 69:6	Let not them that wait on thee, O Lord GOD of hosts, be ashamed for my sake: let not those that seek thee be confounded for my sake, O God of Israel.
Psalms 69:7	Because for thy sake I have borne reproach; shame hath covered my face.
Psalms 69:8	I am become a stranger unto my brethren, and an alien unto my mother's children.
Psalms 69:9	For the zeal of thine house hath eaten me up; and the reproaches of them that reproached thee are fallen upon me.
Psalms 69:10	When I wept, and chastened my soul with fasting, that was to my reproach.
Psalms 69:11	I made sackcloth also my garment; and I became a proverb to them.
Psalms 69:12	They that sit in the gate speak against me; and I was the song of the drunkards.
Psalms 69:13	But as for me, my prayer is unto thee, O LORD, in an acceptable time: O God, in the multitude of thy mercy hear me, in the truth of thy salvation.
Psalms 69:14	Deliver me out of the mire, and let me not sink: let me be delivered from them that hate me, and out of the deep waters.
Psalms 69:15	Let not the waterflood overflow me, neither let the deep swallow me up, and let not the pit shut her mouth upon me.
