Proverbs 7:26	For she hath cast down many wounded: yea, many strong men have been slain by her.
Proverbs 7:27	Her house is the way to hell, going down to the chambers of death.
Proverbs 8:1	Doth not wisdom cry? and understanding put forth her voice?
Proverbs 8:2	She standeth in the top of high places, by the way in the places of the paths.
Proverbs 8:3	She crieth at the gates, at the entry of the city, at the coming in at the doors.
Proverbs 8:4	Unto you, O men, I call; and my voice is to the sons of man.
Proverbs 8:5	O ye simple, understand wisdom: and, ye fools, be ye of an understanding heart.
Proverbs 8:6	Hear; for I will speak of excellent things; and the opening of my lips shall be right things.
Proverbs 8:7	For my mouth shall speak truth; and wickedness is an abomination to my lips.
Proverbs 8:8	All the words of my mouth are in righteousness; there is nothing froward or perverse in them.
Proverbs 8:9	They are all plain to him that understandeth, and right to them that find knowledge.
Proverbs 8:10	Receive my instruction, and not silver; and knowledge rather than choice gold.
Proverbs 8:11	For wisdom is better than rubies; and all the things that may be desired are not to be compared to it.
Proverbs 8:12	I wisdom dwell with prudence, and find out knowledge of witty inventions.
Proverbs 8:13	The fear of the LORD is to hate evil: pride, and arrogancy, and the evil way, and the froward mouth, do I hate.
Proverbs 8:14	Counsel is mine, and sound wisdom: I am understanding; I have strength.
Proverbs 8:15	By me kings reign, and princes decree justice.
Proverbs 8:16	By me princes rule, and nobles, even all the judges of the earth.
Proverbs 8:17	I love them that love me; and those that seek me early shall find me.
Proverbs 8:18	Riches and honour are with me; yea, durable riches and righteousness.
Proverbs 8:19	My fruit is better than gold, yea, than fine gold; and my revenue than choice silver.
Proverbs 8:20	I lead in the way of righteousness, in the midst of the paths of judgment:
Proverbs 8:21	That I may cause those that love me to inherit substance; and I will fill their treasures.
Proverbs 8:22	The LORD possessed me in the beginning of his way, before his works of old.
Proverbs 8:23	I was set up from everlasting, from the beginning, or ever the earth was.
Proverbs 8:24	When there were no depths, I was brought forth; when there were no fountains abounding with water.
Proverbs 8:25	Before the mountains were settled, before the hills was I brought forth:
Proverbs 8:26	While as yet he had not made the earth, nor the fields, nor the highest part of the dust of the world.
Proverbs 8:27	When he prepared the heavens, I was there: when he set a compass upon the face of the depth:
Proverbs 8:28	When he established the clouds above: when he strengthened the fountains of the deep:
Proverbs 8:29	When he gave to the sea his decree, that the waters should not pass his commandment: when he appointed the foundations of the earth:
Proverbs 8:30	Then I was by him, as one brought up with him: and I was daily his delight, rejoicing always before him;
Proverbs 8:31	Rejoicing in the habitable part of his earth; and my delights were with the sons of men.
Proverbs 8:32	Now therefore hearken unto me, O ye children: for blessed are they that keep my ways.
Proverbs 8:33	Hear instruction, and be wise, and refuse it not.
Proverbs 8:34	Blessed is the man that heareth me, watching daily at my gates, waiting at the posts of my doors.
Proverbs 8:35	For whoso findeth me findeth life, and shall obtain favour of the LORD.
Proverbs 8:36	But he that sinneth against me wrongeth his own soul: all they that hate me love death.
Proverbs 9:1	Wisdom hath builded her house, she hath hewn out her seven pillars:
Proverbs 9:2	She hath killed her beasts; she hath mingled her wine; she hath also furnished her table.
Proverbs 9:3	She hath sent forth her maidens: she crieth upon the highest places of the city,
Proverbs 9:4	Whoso is simple, let him turn in hither: as for him that wanteth understanding, she saith to him,
Proverbs 9:5	Come, eat of my bread, and drink of the wine which I have mingled.
Proverbs 9:6	Forsake the foolish, and live; and go in the way of understanding.
Proverbs 9:7	He that reproveth a scorner getteth to himself shame: and he that rebuketh a wicked man getteth himself a blot.
Proverbs 9:8	Reprove not a scorner, lest he hate thee: rebuke a wise man, and he will love thee.
Proverbs 9:9	Give instruction to a wise man, and he will be yet wiser: teach a just man, and he will increase in learning.
Proverbs 9:10	The fear of the LORD is the beginning of wisdom: and the knowledge of the holy is understanding.
Proverbs 9:11	For by me thy days shall be multiplied, and the years of thy life shall be increased.
Proverbs 9:12	If thou be wise, thou shalt be wise for thyself: but if thou scornest, thou alone shalt bear it.
