Song of Solomon 1:14	My beloved is unto me as a cluster of camphire in the vineyards of Engedi.
Song of Solomon 1:15	Behold, thou art fair, my love; behold, thou art fair; thou hast doves' eyes.
Song of Solomon 1:16	Behold, thou art fair, my beloved, yea, pleasant: also our bed is green.
Song of Solomon 1:17	The beams of our house are cedar, and our rafters of fir.
Song of Solomon 2:1	I am the rose of Sharon, and the lily of the valleys.
Song of Solomon 2:2	As the lily among thorns, so is my love among the daughters.
Song of Solomon 2:3	As the apple tree among the trees of the wood, so is my beloved among the sons. I sat down under his shadow with great delight, and his fruit was sweet to my taste.
Song of Solomon 2:4	He brought me to the banqueting house, and his banner over me was love.
Song of Solomon 2:5	Stay me with flagons, comfort me with apples: for I am sick of love.
Song of Solomon 2:6	His left hand is under my head, and his right hand doth embrace me.
Song of Solomon 2:7	I charge you, O ye daughters of Jerusalem, by the roes, and by the hinds of the field, that ye stir not up, nor awake my love, till he please.
Song of Solomon 2:8	The voice of my beloved! behold, he cometh leaping upon the mountains, skipping upon the hills.
Song of Solomon 2:9	My beloved is like a roe or a young hart: behold, he standeth behind our wall, he looketh forth at the windows, shewing himself through the lattice.
Song of Solomon 2:10	My beloved spake, and said unto me, Rise up, my love, my fair one, and come away.
Song of Solomon 2:11	For, lo, the winter is past, the rain is over and gone;
Song of Solomon 2:12	The flowers appear on the earth; the time of the singing of birds is come, and the voice of the turtle is heard in our land;
Song of Solomon 2:13	The fig tree putteth forth her green figs, and the vines with the tender grape give a good smell. Arise, my love, my fair one, and come away.
Song of Solomon 2:14	O my dove, that art in the clefts of the rock, in the secret places of the stairs, let me see thy countenance, let me hear thy voice; for sweet is thy voice, and thy countenance is comely.
Song of Solomon 2:15	Take us the foxes, the little foxes, that spoil the vines: for our vines have tender grapes.
Song of Solomon 2:16	My beloved is mine, and I am his: he feedeth among the lilies.
Song of Solomon 2:17	Until the day break, and the shadows flee away, turn, my beloved, and be thou like a roe or a young hart upon the mountains of Bether.
Song of Solomon 3:1	By night on my bed I sought him whom my soul loveth: I sought him, but I found him not.
Song of Solomon 3:2	I will rise now, and go about the city in the streets, and in the broad ways I will seek him whom my soul loveth: I sought him, but I found him not.
Song of Solomon 3:3	The watchmen that go about the city found me: to whom I said, Saw ye him whom my soul loveth?
Song of Solomon 3:4	It was but a little that I passed from them, but I found him whom my soul loveth: I held him, and would not let him go, until I had brought him into my mother's house, and into the chamber of her that conceived me.
Song of Solomon 3:5	I charge you, O ye daughters of Jerusalem, by the roes, and by the hinds of the field, that ye stir not up, nor awake my love, till he please.
Song of Solomon 3:6	Who is this that cometh out of the wilderness like pillars of smoke, perfumed with myrrh and frankincense, with all powders of the merchant?
Song of Solomon 3:7	Behold his bed, which is Solomon's; threescore valiant men are about it, of the valiant of Israel.
Song of Solomon 3:8	They all hold swords, being expert in war: every man hath his sword upon his thigh because of fear in the night.
Song of Solomon 3:9	King Solomon made himself a chariot of the wood of Lebanon.
Song of Solomon 3:10	He made the pillars thereof of silver, the bottom thereof of gold, the covering of it of purple, the midst thereof being paved with love, for the daughters of Jerusalem.
Song of Solomon 3:11	Go forth, O ye daughters of Zion, and behold king Solomon with the crown wherewith his mother crowned him in the day of his espousals, and in the day of the gladness of his heart.
Song of Solomon 4:1	Behold, thou art fair, my love; behold, thou art fair; thou hast doves' eyes within thy locks: thy hair is as a flock of goats, that appear from mount Gilead.
Song of Solomon 4:2	Thy teeth are like a flock of sheep that are even shorn, which came up from the washing; whereof every one bear twins, and none is barren among them.
Song of Solomon 4:3	Thy lips are like a thread of scarlet, and thy speech is comely: thy temples are like a piece of a pomegranate within thy locks.
Song of Solomon 4:4	Thy neck is like the tower of David builded for an armoury, whereon there hang a thousand bucklers, all shields of mighty men.
Song of Solomon 4:5	Thy two breasts are like two young roes that are twins, which feed among the lilies.
Song of Solomon 4:6	Until the day break, and the shadows flee away, I will get me to the mountain of myrrh, and to the hill of frankincense.
Song of Solomon 4:7	Thou art all fair, my love; there is no spot in thee.
Song of Solomon 4:8	Come with me from Lebanon, my spouse, with me from Lebanon: look from the top of Amana, from the top of Shenir and Hermon, from the lions' dens, from the mountains of the leopards.
Song of Solomon 4:9	Thou hast ravished my heart, my sister, my spouse; thou hast ravished my heart with one of thine eyes, with one chain of thy neck.
Song of Solomon 4:10	How fair is thy love, my sister, my spouse! how much better is thy love than wine! and the smell of thine ointments than all spices!
Song of Solomon 4:11	Thy lips, O my spouse, drop as the honeycomb: honey and milk are under thy tongue; and the smell of thy garments is like the smell of Lebanon.
Song of Solomon 4:12	A garden inclosed is my sister, my spouse; a spring shut up, a fountain sealed.
Song of Solomon 4:13	Thy plants are an orchard of pomegranates, with pleasant fruits; camphire, with spikenard,
Song of Solomon 4:14	Spikenard and saffron; calamus and cinnamon, with all trees of frankincense; myrrh and aloes, with all the chief spices:
Song of Solomon 4:15	A fountain of gardens, a well of living waters, and streams from Lebanon.
Song of Solomon 4:16	Awake, O north wind; and come, thou south; blow upon my garden, that the spices thereof may flow out. Let my beloved come into his garden, and eat his pleasant fruits.
Song of Solomon 5:1	I am come into my garden, my sister, my spouse: I have gathered my myrrh with my spice; I have eaten my honeycomb with my honey; I have drunk my wine with my milk: eat, O friends; drink, yea, drink abundantly, O beloved.
Song of Solomon 5:2	I sleep, but my heart waketh: it is the voice of my beloved that knocketh, saying, Open to me, my sister, my love, my dove, my undefiled: for my head is filled with dew, and my locks with the drops of the night.
