Proverbs 6:11	So shall thy poverty come as one that travelleth, and thy want as an armed man.
Proverbs 6:12	A naughty person, a wicked man, walketh with a froward mouth.
Proverbs 6:13	He winketh with his eyes, he speaketh with his feet, he teacheth with his fingers;
Proverbs 6:14	Frowardness is in his heart, he deviseth mischief continually; he soweth discord.
Proverbs 6:15	Therefore shall his calamity come suddenly; suddenly shall he be broken without remedy.
Proverbs 6:16	These six things doth the LORD hate: yea, seven are an abomination unto him:
Proverbs 6:17	A proud look, a lying tongue, and hands that shed innocent blood,
Proverbs 6:18	An heart that deviseth wicked imaginations, feet that be swift in running to mischief,
Proverbs 6:19	A false witness that speaketh lies, and he that soweth discord among brethren.
Proverbs 6:20	My son, keep thy father's commandment, and forsake not the law of thy mother:
Proverbs 6:21	Bind them continually upon thine heart, and tie them about thy neck.
Proverbs 6:22	When thou goest, it shall lead thee; when thou sleepest, it shall keep thee; and when thou awakest, it shall talk with thee.
Proverbs 6:23	For the commandment is a lamp; and the law is light; and reproofs of instruction are the way of life:
Proverbs 6:24	To keep thee from the evil woman, from the flattery of the tongue of a strange woman.
Proverbs 6:25	Lust not after her beauty in thine heart; neither let her take thee with her eyelids.
Proverbs 6:26	For by means of a whorish woman a man is brought to a piece of bread: and the adultress will hunt for the precious life.
Proverbs 6:27	Can a man take fire in his bosom, and his clothes not be burned?
Proverbs 6:28	Can one go upon hot coals, and his feet not be burned?
Proverbs 6:29	So he that goeth in to his neighbour's wife; whosoever toucheth her shall not be innocent.
Proverbs 6:30	Men do not despise a thief, if he steal to satisfy his soul when he is hungry;
Proverbs 6:31	But if he be found, he shall restore sevenfold; he shall give all the substance of his house.
Proverbs 6:32	But whoso committeth adultery with a woman lacketh understanding: he that doeth it destroyeth his own soul.
Proverbs 6:33	A wound and dishonour shall he get; and his reproach shall not be wiped away.
Proverbs 6:34	For jealousy is the rage of a man: therefore he will not spare in the day of vengeance.
Proverbs 6:35	He will not regard any ransom; neither will he rest content, though thou givest many gifts.
Proverbs 7:1	My son, keep my words, and lay up my commandments with thee.
Proverbs 7:2	Keep my commandments, and live; and my law as the apple of thine eye.
Proverbs 7:3	Bind them upon thy fingers, write them upon the table of thine heart.
Proverbs 7:4	Say unto wisdom, Thou art my sister; and call understanding thy kinswoman:
Proverbs 7:5	That they may keep thee from the strange woman, from the stranger which flattereth with her words.
Proverbs 7:6	For at the window of my house I looked through my casement,
Proverbs 7:7	And beheld among the simple ones, I discerned among the youths, a young man void of understanding,
Proverbs 7:8	Passing through the street near her corner; and he went the way to her house,
Proverbs 7:9	In the twilight, in the evening, in the black and dark night:
Proverbs 7:10	And, behold, there met him a woman with the attire of an harlot, and subtil of heart.
Proverbs 7:11	(She is loud and stubborn; her feet abide not in her house:
Proverbs 7:12	Now is she without, now in the streets, and lieth in wait at every corner.)
Proverbs 7:13	So she caught him, and kissed him, and with an impudent face said unto him,
Proverbs 7:14	I have peace offerings with me; this day have I payed my vows.
Proverbs 7:15	Therefore came I forth to meet thee, diligently to seek thy face, and I have found thee.
Proverbs 7:16	I have decked my bed with coverings of tapestry, with carved works, with fine linen of Egypt.
Proverbs 7:17	I have perfumed my bed with myrrh, aloes, and cinnamon.
Proverbs 7:18	Come, let us take our fill of love until the morning: let us solace ourselves with loves.
Proverbs 7:19	For the goodman is not at home, he is gone a long journey:
Proverbs 7:20	He hath taken a bag of money with him, and will come home at the day appointed.
Proverbs 7:21	With her much fair speech she caused him to yield, with the flattering of her lips she forced him.
Proverbs 7:22	He goeth after her straightway, as an ox goeth to the slaughter, or as a fool to the correction of the stocks;
Proverbs 7:23	Till a dart strike through his liver; as a bird hasteth to the snare, and knoweth not that it is for his life.
Proverbs 7:24	Hearken unto me now therefore, O ye children, and attend to the words of my mouth.
Proverbs 7:25	Let not thine heart decline to her ways, go not astray in her paths.
