Hosea 8:7	For they have sown the wind, and they shall reap the whirlwind: it hath no stalk; the bud shall yield no meal: if so be it yield, the strangers shall swallow it up.
Hosea 8:8	Israel is swallowed up: now shall they be among the Gentiles as a vessel wherein is no pleasure.
Hosea 8:9	For they are gone up to Assyria, a wild ass alone by himself: Ephraim hath hired lovers.
Hosea 8:10	Yea, though they have hired among the nations, now will I gather them, and they shall sorrow a little for the burden of the king of princes.
Hosea 8:11	Because Ephraim hath made many altars to sin, altars shall be unto him to sin.
Hosea 8:12	I have written to him the great things of my law, but they were counted as a strange thing.
Hosea 8:13	They sacrifice flesh for the sacrifices of mine offerings, and eat it; but the LORD accepteth them not; now will he remember their iniquity, and visit their sins: they shall return to Egypt.
Hosea 8:14	For Israel hath forgotten his Maker, and buildeth temples; and Judah hath multiplied fenced cities: but I will send a fire upon his cities, and it shall devour the palaces thereof.
Hosea 9:1	Rejoice not, O Israel, for joy, as other people: for thou hast gone a whoring from thy God, thou hast loved a reward upon every cornfloor.
Hosea 9:2	The floor and the winepress shall not feed them, and the new wine shall fail in her.
Hosea 9:3	They shall not dwell in the LORD's land; but Ephraim shall return to Egypt, and they shall eat unclean things in Assyria.
Hosea 9:4	They shall not offer wine offerings to the LORD, neither shall they be pleasing unto him: their sacrifices shall be unto them as the bread of mourners; all that eat thereof shall be polluted: for their bread for their soul shall not come into the house of the LORD.
Hosea 9:5	What will ye do in the solemn day, and in the day of the feast of the LORD?
Hosea 9:6	For, lo, they are gone because of destruction: Egypt shall gather them up, Memphis shall bury them: the pleasant places for their silver, nettles shall possess them: thorns shall be in their tabernacles.
Hosea 9:7	The days of visitation are come, the days of recompence are come; Israel shall know it: the prophet is a fool, the spiritual man is mad, for the multitude of thine iniquity, and the great hatred.
Hosea 9:8	The watchman of Ephraim was with my God: but the prophet is a snare of a fowler in all his ways, and hatred in the house of his God.
Hosea 9:9	They have deeply corrupted themselves, as in the days of Gibeah: therefore he will remember their iniquity, he will visit their sins.
Hosea 9:10	I found Israel like grapes in the wilderness; I saw your fathers as the firstripe in the fig tree at her first time: but they went to Baalpeor, and separated themselves unto that shame; and their abominations were according as they loved.
Hosea 9:11	As for Ephraim, their glory shall fly away like a bird, from the birth, and from the womb, and from the conception.
Hosea 9:12	Though they bring up their children, yet will I bereave them, that there shall not be a man left: yea, woe also to them when I depart from them!
Hosea 9:13	Ephraim, as I saw Tyrus, is planted in a pleasant place: but Ephraim shall bring forth his children to the murderer.
Hosea 9:14	Give them, O LORD: what wilt thou give? give them a miscarrying womb and dry breasts.
Hosea 9:15	All their wickedness is in Gilgal: for there I hated them: for the wickedness of their doings I will drive them out of mine house, I will love them no more: all their princes are revolters.
Hosea 9:16	Ephraim is smitten, their root is dried up, they shall bear no fruit: yea, though they bring forth, yet will I slay even the beloved fruit of their womb.
Hosea 9:17	My God will cast them away, because they did not hearken unto him: and they shall be wanderers among the nations.
Hosea 10:1	Israel is an empty vine, he bringeth forth fruit unto himself: according to the multitude of his fruit he hath increased the altars; according to the goodness of his land they have made goodly images.
Hosea 10:2	Their heart is divided; now shall they be found faulty: he shall break down their altars, he shall spoil their images.
Hosea 10:3	For now they shall say, We have no king, because we feared not the LORD; what then should a king do to us?
Hosea 10:4	They have spoken words, swearing falsely in making a covenant: thus judgment springeth up as hemlock in the furrows of the field.
Hosea 10:5	The inhabitants of Samaria shall fear because of the calves of Bethaven: for the people thereof shall mourn over it, and the priests thereof that rejoiced on it, for the glory thereof, because it is departed from it.
Hosea 10:6	It shall be also carried unto Assyria for a present to king Jareb: Ephraim shall receive shame, and Israel shall be ashamed of his own counsel.
Hosea 10:7	As for Samaria, her king is cut off as the foam upon the water.
Hosea 10:8	The high places also of Aven, the sin of Israel, shall be destroyed: the thorn and the thistle shall come up on their altars; and they shall say to the mountains, Cover us; and to the hills, Fall on us.
Hosea 10:9	O Israel, thou hast sinned from the days of Gibeah: there they stood: the battle in Gibeah against the children of iniquity did not overtake them.
Hosea 10:10	It is in my desire that I should chastise them; and the people shall be gathered against them, when they shall bind themselves in their two furrows.
Hosea 10:11	And Ephraim is as an heifer that is taught, and loveth to tread out the corn; but I passed over upon her fair neck: I will make Ephraim to ride; Judah shall plow, and Jacob shall break his clods.
Hosea 10:12	Sow to yourselves in righteousness, reap in mercy; break up your fallow ground: for it is time to seek the LORD, till he come and rain righteousness upon you.
Hosea 10:13	Ye have plowed wickedness, ye have reaped iniquity; ye have eaten the fruit of lies: because thou didst trust in thy way, in the multitude of thy mighty men.
Hosea 10:14	Therefore shall a tumult arise among thy people, and all thy fortresses shall be spoiled, as Shalman spoiled Betharbel in the day of battle: the mother was dashed in pieces upon her children.
Hosea 10:15	So shall Bethel do unto you because of your great wickedness: in a morning shall the king of Israel utterly be cut off.
Hosea 11:1	When Israel was a child, then I loved him, and called my son out of Egypt.
Hosea 11:2	As they called them, so they went from them: they sacrificed unto Baalim, and burned incense to graven images.
Hosea 11:3	I taught Ephraim also to go, taking them by their arms; but they knew not that I healed them.
Hosea 11:4	I drew them with cords of a man, with bands of love: and I was to them as they that take off the yoke on their jaws, and I laid meat unto them.
Hosea 11:5	He shall not return into the land of Egypt, and the Assyrian shall be his king, because they refused to return.
Hosea 11:6	And the sword shall abide on his cities, and shall consume his branches, and devour them, because of their own counsels.
Hosea 11:7	And my people are bent to backsliding from me: though they called them to the most High, none at all would exalt him.
Hosea 11:8	How shall I give thee up, Ephraim? how shall I deliver thee, Israel? how shall I make thee as Admah? how shall I set thee as Zeboim? mine heart is turned within me, my repentings are kindled together.
Hosea 11:9	I will not execute the fierceness of mine anger, I will not return to destroy Ephraim: for I am God, and not man; the Holy One in the midst of thee: and I will not enter into the city.
Hosea 11:10	They shall walk after the LORD: he shall roar like a lion: when he shall roar, then the children shall tremble from the west.
