Ezekiel 21:7	And it shall be, when they say unto thee, Wherefore sighest thou? that thou shalt answer, For the tidings; because it cometh: and every heart shall melt, and all hands shall be feeble, and every spirit shall faint, and all knees shall be weak as water: behold, it cometh, and shall be brought to pass, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 21:8	Again the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 21:9	Son of man, prophesy, and say, Thus saith the LORD; Say, A sword, a sword is sharpened, and also furbished:
Ezekiel 21:10	It is sharpened to make a sore slaughter; it is furbished that it may glitter: should we then make mirth? it contemneth the rod of my son, as every tree.
Ezekiel 21:11	And he hath given it to be furbished, that it may be handled: this sword is sharpened, and it is furbished, to give it into the hand of the slayer.
Ezekiel 21:12	Cry and howl, son of man: for it shall be upon my people, it shall be upon all the princes of Israel: terrors by reason of the sword shall be upon my people: smite therefore upon thy thigh.
Ezekiel 21:13	Because it is a trial, and what if the sword contemn even the rod? it shall be no more, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 21:14	Thou therefore, son of man, prophesy, and smite thine hands together. and let the sword be doubled the third time, the sword of the slain: it is the sword of the great men that are slain, which entereth into their privy chambers.
Ezekiel 21:15	I have set the point of the sword against all their gates, that their heart may faint, and their ruins be multiplied: ah! it is made bright, it is wrapped up for the slaughter.
Ezekiel 21:16	Go thee one way or other, either on the right hand, or on the left, whithersoever thy face is set.
Ezekiel 21:17	I will also smite mine hands together, and I will cause my fury to rest: I the LORD have said it.
Ezekiel 21:18	The word of the LORD came unto me again, saying,
Ezekiel 21:19	Also, thou son of man, appoint thee two ways, that the sword of the king of Babylon may come: both twain shall come forth out of one land: and choose thou a place, choose it at the head of the way to the city.
Ezekiel 21:20	Appoint a way, that the sword may come to Rabbath of the Ammonites, and to Judah in Jerusalem the defenced.
Ezekiel 21:21	For the king of Babylon stood at the parting of the way, at the head of the two ways, to use divination: he made his arrows bright, he consulted with images, he looked in the liver.
Ezekiel 21:22	At his right hand was the divination for Jerusalem, to appoint captains, to open the mouth in the slaughter, to lift up the voice with shouting, to appoint battering rams against the gates, to cast a mount, and to build a fort.
Ezekiel 21:23	And it shall be unto them as a false divination in their sight, to them that have sworn oaths: but he will call to remembrance the iniquity, that they may be taken.
Ezekiel 21:24	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Because ye have made your iniquity to be remembered, in that your transgressions are discovered, so that in all your doings your sins do appear; because, I say, that ye are come to remembrance, ye shall be taken with the hand.
Ezekiel 21:25	And thou, profane wicked prince of Israel, whose day is come, when iniquity shall have an end,
Ezekiel 21:26	Thus saith the Lord GOD; Remove the diadem, and take off the crown: this shall not be the same: exalt him that is low, and abase him that is high.
Ezekiel 21:27	I will overturn, overturn, overturn, it: and it shall be no more, until he come whose right it is; and I will give it him.
Ezekiel 21:28	And thou, son of man, prophesy and say, Thus saith the Lord GOD concerning the Ammonites, and concerning their reproach; even say thou, The sword, the sword is drawn: for the slaughter it is furbished, to consume because of the glittering:
Ezekiel 21:29	Whiles they see vanity unto thee, whiles they divine a lie unto thee, to bring thee upon the necks of them that are slain, of the wicked, whose day is come, when their iniquity shall have an end.
Ezekiel 21:30	Shall I cause it to return into his sheath? I will judge thee in the place where thou wast created, in the land of thy nativity.
Ezekiel 21:31	And I will pour out mine indignation upon thee, I will blow against thee in the fire of my wrath, and deliver thee into the hand of brutish men, and skilful to destroy.
Ezekiel 21:32	Thou shalt be for fuel to the fire; thy blood shall be in the midst of the land; thou shalt be no more remembered: for I the LORD have spoken it.
Ezekiel 22:1	Moreover the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 22:2	Now, thou son of man, wilt thou judge, wilt thou judge the bloody city? yea, thou shalt shew her all her abominations.
Ezekiel 22:3	Then say thou, Thus saith the Lord GOD, The city sheddeth blood in the midst of it, that her time may come, and maketh idols against herself to defile herself.
Ezekiel 22:4	Thou art become guilty in thy blood that thou hast shed; and hast defiled thyself in thine idols which thou hast made; and thou hast caused thy days to draw near, and art come even unto thy years: therefore have I made thee a reproach unto the heathen, and a mocking to all countries.
Ezekiel 22:5	Those that be near, and those that be far from thee, shall mock thee, which art infamous and much vexed.
Ezekiel 22:6	Behold, the princes of Israel, every one were in thee to their power to shed blood.
Ezekiel 22:7	In thee have they set light by father and mother: in the midst of thee have they dealt by oppression with the stranger: in thee have they vexed the fatherless and the widow.
Ezekiel 22:8	Thou hast despised mine holy things, and hast profaned my sabbaths.
Ezekiel 22:9	In thee are men that carry tales to shed blood: and in thee they eat upon the mountains: in the midst of thee they commit lewdness.
Ezekiel 22:10	In thee have they discovered their fathers' nakedness: in thee have they humbled her that was set apart for pollution.
Ezekiel 22:11	And one hath committed abomination with his neighbour's wife; and another hath lewdly defiled his daughter in law; and another in thee hath humbled his sister, his father's daughter.
Ezekiel 22:12	In thee have they taken gifts to shed blood; thou hast taken usury and increase, and thou hast greedily gained of thy neighbours by extortion, and hast forgotten me, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 22:13	Behold, therefore I have smitten mine hand at thy dishonest gain which thou hast made, and at thy blood which hath been in the midst of thee.
Ezekiel 22:14	Can thine heart endure, or can thine hands be strong, in the days that I shall deal with thee? I the LORD have spoken it, and will do it.
Ezekiel 22:15	And I will scatter thee among the heathen, and disperse thee in the countries, and will consume thy filthiness out of thee.
Ezekiel 22:16	And thou shalt take thine inheritance in thyself in the sight of the heathen, and thou shalt know that I am the LORD.
Ezekiel 22:17	And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 22:18	Son of man, the house of Israel is to me become dross: all they are brass, and tin, and iron, and lead, in the midst of the furnace; they are even the dross of silver.
Ezekiel 22:19	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Because ye are all become dross, behold, therefore I will gather you into the midst of Jerusalem.
Ezekiel 22:20	As they gather silver, and brass, and iron, and lead, and tin, into the midst of the furnace, to blow the fire upon it, to melt it; so will I gather you in mine anger and in my fury, and I will leave you there, and melt you.
Ezekiel 22:21	Yea, I will gather you, and blow upon you in the fire of my wrath, and ye shall be melted in the midst therof.
Ezekiel 22:22	As silver is melted in the midst of the furnace, so shall ye be melted in the midst thereof; and ye shall know that I the LORD have poured out my fury upon you.
Ezekiel 22:23	And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 22:24	Son of man, say unto her, Thou art the land that is not cleansed, nor rained upon in the day of indignation.
