Matthew 15:18	But those things which proceed out of the mouth come forth from the heart; and they defile the man.
Matthew 15:19	For out of the heart proceed evil thoughts, murders, adulteries, fornications, thefts, false witness, blasphemies:
Matthew 15:20	These are the things which defile a man: but to eat with unwashen hands defileth not a man.
Matthew 15:21	Then Jesus went thence, and departed into the coasts of Tyre and Sidon.
Matthew 15:22	And, behold, a woman of Canaan came out of the same coasts, and cried unto him, saying, Have mercy on me, O Lord, thou son of David; my daughter is grievously vexed with a devil.
Matthew 15:23	But he answered her not a word. And his disciples came and besought him, saying, Send her away; for she crieth after us.
Matthew 15:24	But he answered and said, I am not sent but unto the lost sheep of the house of Israel.
Matthew 15:25	Then came she and worshipped him, saying, Lord, help me.
Matthew 15:26	But he answered and said, It is not meet to take the children's bread, and to cast it to dogs.
Matthew 15:27	And she said, Truth, Lord: yet the dogs eat of the crumbs which fall from their masters' table.
Matthew 15:28	Then Jesus answered and said unto her, O woman, great is thy faith: be it unto thee even as thou wilt. And her daughter was made whole from that very hour.
Matthew 15:29	And Jesus departed from thence, and came nigh unto the sea of Galilee; and went up into a mountain, and sat down there.
Matthew 15:30	And great multitudes came unto him, having with them those that were lame, blind, dumb, maimed, and many others, and cast them down at Jesus' feet; and he healed them:
Matthew 15:31	Insomuch that the multitude wondered, when they saw the dumb to speak, the maimed to be whole, the lame to walk, and the blind to see: and they glorified the God of Israel.
Matthew 15:32	Then Jesus called his disciples unto him, and said, I have compassion on the multitude, because they continue with me now three days, and have nothing to eat: and I will not send them away fasting, lest they faint in the way.
Matthew 15:33	And his disciples say unto him, Whence should we have so much bread in the wilderness, as to fill so great a multitude?
Matthew 15:34	And Jesus saith unto them, How many loaves have ye? And they said, Seven, and a few little fishes.
Matthew 15:35	And he commanded the multitude to sit down on the ground.
Matthew 15:36	And he took the seven loaves and the fishes, and gave thanks, and brake them, and gave to his disciples, and the disciples to the multitude.
Matthew 15:37	And they did all eat, and were filled: and they took up of the broken meat that was left seven baskets full.
Matthew 15:38	And they that did eat were four thousand men, beside women and children.
Matthew 15:39	And he sent away the multitude, and took ship, and came into the coasts of Magdala.
Matthew 16:1	The Pharisees also with the Sadducees came, and tempting desired him that he would shew them a sign from heaven.
Matthew 16:2	He answered and said unto them, When it is evening, ye say, It will be fair weather: for the sky is red.
Matthew 16:3	And in the morning, It will be foul weather to day: for the sky is red and lowering. O ye hypocrites, ye can discern the face of the sky; but can ye not discern the signs of the times?
Matthew 16:4	A wicked and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign; and there shall no sign be given unto it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas. And he left them, and departed.
Matthew 16:5	And when his disciples were come to the other side, they had forgotten to take bread.
Matthew 16:6	Then Jesus said unto them, Take heed and beware of the leaven of the Pharisees and of the Sadducees.
Matthew 16:7	And they reasoned among themselves, saying, It is because we have taken no bread.
Matthew 16:8	Which when Jesus perceived, he said unto them, O ye of little faith, why reason ye among yourselves, because ye have brought no bread?
Matthew 16:9	Do ye not yet understand, neither remember the five loaves of the five thousand, and how many baskets ye took up?
Matthew 16:10	Neither the seven loaves of the four thousand, and how many baskets ye took up?
Matthew 16:11	How is it that ye do not understand that I spake it not to you concerning bread, that ye should beware of the leaven of the Pharisees and of the Sadducees?
Matthew 16:12	Then understood they how that he bade them not beware of the leaven of bread, but of the doctrine of the Pharisees and of the Sadducees.
Matthew 16:13	When Jesus came into the coasts of Caesarea Philippi, he asked his disciples, saying, Whom do men say that I the Son of man am?
Matthew 16:14	And they said, Some say that thou art John the Baptist: some, Elias; and others, Jeremias, or one of the prophets.
Matthew 16:15	He saith unto them, But whom say ye that I am?
Matthew 16:16	And Simon Peter answered and said, Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God.
Matthew 16:17	And Jesus answered and said unto him, Blessed art thou, Simon Barjona: for flesh and blood hath not revealed it unto thee, but my Father which is in heaven.
Matthew 16:18	And I say also unto thee, That thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church; and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it.
Matthew 16:19	And I will give unto thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven: and whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth shall be bound in heaven: and whatsoever thou shalt loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven.
Matthew 16:20	Then charged he his disciples that they should tell no man that he was Jesus the Christ.
Matthew 16:21	From that time forth began Jesus to shew unto his disciples, how that he must go unto Jerusalem, and suffer many things of the elders and chief priests and scribes, and be killed, and be raised again the third day.
Matthew 16:22	Then Peter took him, and began to rebuke him, saying, Be it far from thee, Lord: this shall not be unto thee.
Matthew 16:23	But he turned, and said unto Peter, Get thee behind me, Satan: thou art an offence unto me: for thou savourest not the things that be of God, but those that be of men.
Matthew 16:24	Then said Jesus unto his disciples, If any man will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross, and follow me.
Matthew 16:25	For whosoever will save his life shall lose it: and whosoever will lose his life for my sake shall find it.
Matthew 16:26	For what is a man profited, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul? or what shall a man give in exchange for his soul?
Matthew 16:27	For the Son of man shall come in the glory of his Father with his angels; and then he shall reward every man according to his works.
Matthew 16:28	Verily I say unto you, There be some standing here, which shall not taste of death, till they see the Son of man coming in his kingdom.
