Mark 3:13	And he goeth up into a mountain, and calleth unto him whom he would: and they came unto him.
Mark 3:14	And he ordained twelve, that they should be with him, and that he might send them forth to preach,
Mark 3:15	And to have power to heal sicknesses, and to cast out devils:
Mark 3:16	And Simon he surnamed Peter;
Mark 3:17	And James the son of Zebedee, and John the brother of James; and he surnamed them Boanerges, which is, The sons of thunder:
Mark 3:18	And Andrew, and Philip, and Bartholomew, and Matthew, and Thomas, and James the son of Alphaeus, and Thaddaeus, and Simon the Canaanite,
Mark 3:19	And Judas Iscariot, which also betrayed him: and they went into an house.
Mark 3:20	And the multitude cometh together again, so that they could not so much as eat bread.
Mark 3:21	And when his friends heard of it, they went out to lay hold on him: for they said, He is beside himself.
Mark 3:22	And the scribes which came down from Jerusalem said, He hath Beelzebub, and by the prince of the devils casteth he out devils.
Mark 3:23	And he called them unto him, and said unto them in parables, How can Satan cast out Satan?
Mark 3:24	And if a kingdom be divided against itself, that kingdom cannot stand.
Mark 3:25	And if a house be divided against itself, that house cannot stand.
Mark 3:26	And if Satan rise up against himself, and be divided, he cannot stand, but hath an end.
Mark 3:27	No man can enter into a strong man's house, and spoil his goods, except he will first bind the strong man; and then he will spoil his house.
Mark 3:28	Verily I say unto you, All sins shall be forgiven unto the sons of men, and blasphemies wherewith soever they shall blaspheme:
Mark 3:29	But he that shall blaspheme against the Holy Ghost hath never forgiveness, but is in danger of eternal damnation.
Mark 3:30	Because they said, He hath an unclean spirit.
Mark 3:31	There came then his brethren and his mother, and, standing without, sent unto him, calling him.
Mark 3:32	And the multitude sat about him, and they said unto him, Behold, thy mother and thy brethren without seek for thee.
Mark 3:33	And he answered them, saying, Who is my mother, or my brethren?
Mark 3:34	And he looked round about on them which sat about him, and said, Behold my mother and my brethren!
Mark 3:35	For whosoever shall do the will of God, the same is my brother, and my sister, and mother.
Mark 4:1	And he began again to teach by the sea side: and there was gathered unto him a great multitude, so that he entered into a ship, and sat in the sea; and the whole multitude was by the sea on the land.
Mark 4:2	And he taught them many things by parables, and said unto them in his doctrine,
Mark 4:3	Hearken; Behold, there went out a sower to sow:
Mark 4:4	And it came to pass, as he sowed, some fell by the way side, and the fowls of the air came and devoured it up.
Mark 4:5	And some fell on stony ground, where it had not much earth; and immediately it sprang up, because it had no depth of earth:
Mark 4:6	But when the sun was up, it was scorched; and because it had no root, it withered away.
Mark 4:7	And some fell among thorns, and the thorns grew up, and choked it, and it yielded no fruit.
Mark 4:8	And other fell on good ground, and did yield fruit that sprang up and increased; and brought forth, some thirty, and some sixty, and some an hundred.
Mark 4:9	And he said unto them, He that hath ears to hear, let him hear.
Mark 4:10	And when he was alone, they that were about him with the twelve asked of him the parable.
Mark 4:11	And he said unto them, Unto you it is given to know the mystery of the kingdom of God: but unto them that are without, all these things are done in parables:
Mark 4:12	That seeing they may see, and not perceive; and hearing they may hear, and not understand; lest at any time they should be converted, and their sins should be forgiven them.
Mark 4:13	And he said unto them, Know ye not this parable? and how then will ye know all parables?
Mark 4:14	The sower soweth the word.
Mark 4:15	And these are they by the way side, where the word is sown; but when they have heard, Satan cometh immediately, and taketh away the word that was sown in their hearts.
Mark 4:16	And these are they likewise which are sown on stony ground; who, when they have heard the word, immediately receive it with gladness;
Mark 4:17	And have no root in themselves, and so endure but for a time: afterward, when affliction or persecution ariseth for the word's sake, immediately they are offended.
Mark 4:18	And these are they which are sown among thorns; such as hear the word,
Mark 4:19	And the cares of this world, and the deceitfulness of riches, and the lusts of other things entering in, choke the word, and it becometh unfruitful.
Mark 4:20	And these are they which are sown on good ground; such as hear the word, and receive it, and bring forth fruit, some thirtyfold, some sixty, and some an hundred.
Mark 4:21	And he said unto them, Is a candle brought to be put under a bushel, or under a bed? and not to be set on a candlestick?
Mark 4:22	For there is nothing hid, which shall not be manifested; neither was any thing kept secret, but that it should come abroad.
Mark 4:23	If any man have ears to hear, let him hear.
Mark 4:24	And he said unto them, Take heed what ye hear: with what measure ye mete, it shall be measured to you: and unto you that hear shall more be given.
Mark 4:25	For he that hath, to him shall be given: and he that hath not, from him shall be taken even that which he hath.
Mark 4:26	And he said, So is the kingdom of God, as if a man should cast seed into the ground;
Mark 4:27	And should sleep, and rise night and day, and the seed should spring and grow up, he knoweth not how.
