Mark 15:25	And it was the third hour, and they crucified him.
Mark 15:26	And the superscription of his accusation was written over, THE KING OF THE JEWS.
Mark 15:27	And with him they crucify two thieves; the one on his right hand, and the other on his left.
Mark 15:28	And the scripture was fulfilled, which saith, And he was numbered with the transgressors.
Mark 15:29	And they that passed by railed on him, wagging their heads, and saying, Ah, thou that destroyest the temple, and buildest it in three days,
Mark 15:30	Save thyself, and come down from the cross.
Mark 15:31	Likewise also the chief priests mocking said among themselves with the scribes, He saved others; himself he cannot save.
Mark 15:32	Let Christ the King of Israel descend now from the cross, that we may see and believe. And they that were crucified with him reviled him.
Mark 15:33	And when the sixth hour was come, there was darkness over the whole land until the ninth hour.
Mark 15:34	And at the ninth hour Jesus cried with a loud voice, saying, Eloi, Eloi, lama sabachthani? which is, being interpreted, My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?
Mark 15:35	And some of them that stood by, when they heard it, said, Behold, he calleth Elias.
Mark 15:36	And one ran and filled a spunge full of vinegar, and put it on a reed, and gave him to drink, saying, Let alone; let us see whether Elias will come to take him down.
Mark 15:37	And Jesus cried with a loud voice, and gave up the ghost.
Mark 15:38	And the veil of the temple was rent in twain from the top to the bottom.
Mark 15:39	And when the centurion, which stood over against him, saw that he so cried out, and gave up the ghost, he said, Truly this man was the Son of God.
Mark 15:40	There were also women looking on afar off: among whom was Mary Magdalene, and Mary the mother of James the less and of Joses, and Salome;
Mark 15:41	(Who also, when he was in Galilee, followed him, and ministered unto him;) and many other women which came up with him unto Jerusalem.
Mark 15:42	And now when the even was come, because it was the preparation, that is, the day before the sabbath,
Mark 15:43	Joseph of Arimathaea, an honourable counsellor, which also waited for the kingdom of God, came, and went in boldly unto Pilate, and craved the body of Jesus.
Mark 15:44	And Pilate marvelled if he were already dead: and calling unto him the centurion, he asked him whether he had been any while dead.
Mark 15:45	And when he knew it of the centurion, he gave the body to Joseph.
Mark 15:46	And he bought fine linen, and took him down, and wrapped him in the linen, and laid him in a sepulchre which was hewn out of a rock, and rolled a stone unto the door of the sepulchre.
Mark 15:47	And Mary Magdalene and Mary the mother of Joses beheld where he was laid.
Mark 16:1	And when the sabbath was past, Mary Magdalene, and Mary the mother of James, and Salome, had bought sweet spices, that they might come and anoint him.
Mark 16:2	And very early in the morning the first day of the week, they came unto the sepulchre at the rising of the sun.
Mark 16:3	And they said among themselves, Who shall roll us away the stone from the door of the sepulchre?
Mark 16:4	And when they looked, they saw that the stone was rolled away: for it was very great.
Mark 16:5	And entering into the sepulchre, they saw a young man sitting on the right side, clothed in a long white garment; and they were affrighted.
Mark 16:6	And he saith unto them, Be not affrighted: Ye seek Jesus of Nazareth, which was crucified: he is risen; he is not here: behold the place where they laid him.
Mark 16:7	But go your way, tell his disciples and Peter that he goeth before you into Galilee: there shall ye see him, as he said unto you.
Mark 16:8	And they went out quickly, and fled from the sepulchre; for they trembled and were amazed: neither said they any thing to any man; for they were afraid.
Mark 16:9	Now when Jesus was risen early the first day of the week, he appeared first to Mary Magdalene, out of whom he had cast seven devils.
Mark 16:10	And she went and told them that had been with him, as they mourned and wept.
Mark 16:11	And they, when they had heard that he was alive, and had been seen of her, believed not.
Mark 16:12	After that he appeared in another form unto two of them, as they walked, and went into the country.
Mark 16:13	And they went and told it unto the residue: neither believed they them.
Mark 16:14	Afterward he appeared unto the eleven as they sat at meat, and upbraided them with their unbelief and hardness of heart, because they believed not them which had seen him after he was risen.
Mark 16:15	And he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature.
Mark 16:16	He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved; but he that believeth not shall be damned.
Mark 16:17	And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;
Mark 16:18	They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.
Mark 16:19	So then after the Lord had spoken unto them, he was received up into heaven, and sat on the right hand of God.
Mark 16:20	And they went forth, and preached every where, the Lord working with them, and confirming the word with signs following. Amen.
Luke 1:1	Forasmuch as many have taken in hand to set forth in order a declaration of those things which are most surely believed among us,
Luke 1:2	Even as they delivered them unto us, which from the beginning were eyewitnesses, and ministers of the word;
Luke 1:3	It seemed good to me also, having had perfect understanding of all things from the very first, to write unto thee in order, most excellent Theophilus,
Luke 1:4	That thou mightest know the certainty of those things, wherein thou hast been instructed.
Luke 1:5	THERE was in the days of Herod, the king of Judaea, a certain priest named Zacharias, of the course of Abia: and his wife was of the daughters of Aaron, and her name was Elisabeth.
Luke 1:6	And they were both righteous before God, walking in all the commandments and ordinances of the Lord blameless.
Luke 1:7	And they had no child, because that Elisabeth was barren, and they both were now well stricken in years.
