Matthew 22:29	Jesus answered and said unto them, Ye do err, not knowing the scriptures, nor the power of God.
Matthew 22:30	For in the resurrection they neither marry, nor are given in marriage, but are as the angels of God in heaven.
Matthew 22:31	But as touching the resurrection of the dead, have ye not read that which was spoken unto you by God, saying,
Matthew 22:32	I am the God of Abraham, and the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob? God is not the God of the dead, but of the living.
Matthew 22:33	And when the multitude heard this, they were astonished at his doctrine.
Matthew 22:34	But when the Pharisees had heard that he had put the Sadducees to silence, they were gathered together.
Matthew 22:35	Then one of them, which was a lawyer, asked him a question, tempting him, and saying,
Matthew 22:36	Master, which is the great commandment in the law?
Matthew 22:37	Jesus said unto him, Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind.
Matthew 22:38	This is the first and great commandment.
Matthew 22:39	And the second is like unto it, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.
Matthew 22:40	On these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets.
Matthew 22:41	While the Pharisees were gathered together, Jesus asked them,
Matthew 22:42	Saying, What think ye of Christ? whose son is he? They say unto him, The son of David.
Matthew 22:43	He saith unto them, How then doth David in spirit call him Lord, saying,
Matthew 22:44	The LORD said unto my Lord, Sit thou on my right hand, till I make thine enemies thy footstool?
Matthew 22:45	If David then call him Lord, how is he his son?
Matthew 22:46	And no man was able to answer him a word, neither durst any man from that day forth ask him any more questions.
Matthew 23:1	Then spake Jesus to the multitude, and to his disciples,
Matthew 23:2	Saying The scribes and the Pharisees sit in Moses' seat:
Matthew 23:3	All therefore whatsoever they bid you observe, that observe and do; but do not ye after their works: for they say, and do not.
Matthew 23:4	For they bind heavy burdens and grievous to be borne, and lay them on men's shoulders; but they themselves will not move them with one of their fingers.
Matthew 23:5	But all their works they do for to be seen of men: they make broad their phylacteries, and enlarge the borders of their garments,
Matthew 23:6	And love the uppermost rooms at feasts, and the chief seats in the synagogues,
Matthew 23:7	And greetings in the markets, and to be called of men, Rabbi, Rabbi.
Matthew 23:8	But be not ye called Rabbi: for one is your Master, even Christ; and all ye are brethren.
Matthew 23:9	And call no man your father upon the earth: for one is your Father, which is in heaven.
Matthew 23:10	Neither be ye called masters: for one is your Master, even Christ.
Matthew 23:11	But he that is greatest among you shall be your servant.
Matthew 23:12	And whosoever shall exalt himself shall be abased; and he that shall humble himself shall be exalted.
Matthew 23:13	But woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye shut up the kingdom of heaven against men: for ye neither go in yourselves, neither suffer ye them that are entering to go in.
Matthew 23:14	Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye devour widows' houses, and for a pretence make long prayer: therefore ye shall receive the greater damnation.
Matthew 23:15	Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye compass sea and land to make one proselyte, and when he is made, ye make him twofold more the child of hell than yourselves.
Matthew 23:16	Woe unto you, ye blind guides, which say, Whosoever shall swear by the temple, it is nothing; but whosoever shall swear by the gold of the temple, he is a debtor!
Matthew 23:17	Ye fools and blind: for whether is greater, the gold, or the temple that sanctifieth the gold?
Matthew 23:18	And, Whosoever shall swear by the altar, it is nothing; but whosoever sweareth by the gift that is upon it, he is guilty.
Matthew 23:19	Ye fools and blind: for whether is greater, the gift, or the altar that sanctifieth the gift?
Matthew 23:20	Whoso therefore shall swear by the altar, sweareth by it, and by all things thereon.
Matthew 23:21	And whoso shall swear by the temple, sweareth by it, and by him that dwelleth therein.
Matthew 23:22	And he that shall swear by heaven, sweareth by the throne of God, and by him that sitteth thereon.
Matthew 23:23	Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye pay tithe of mint and anise and cummin, and have omitted the weightier matters of the law, judgment, mercy, and faith: these ought ye to have done, and not to leave the other undone.
Matthew 23:24	Ye blind guides, which strain at a gnat, and swallow a camel.
Matthew 23:25	Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye make clean the outside of the cup and of the platter, but within they are full of extortion and excess.
Matthew 23:26	Thou blind Pharisee, cleanse first that which is within the cup and platter, that the outside of them may be clean also.
Matthew 23:27	Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye are like unto whited sepulchres, which indeed appear beautiful outward, but are within full of dead men's bones, and of all uncleanness.
Matthew 23:28	Even so ye also outwardly appear righteous unto men, but within ye are full of hypocrisy and iniquity.
Matthew 23:29	Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! because ye build the tombs of the prophets, and garnish the sepulchres of the righteous,
Matthew 23:30	And say, If we had been in the days of our fathers, we would not have been partakers with them in the blood of the prophets.
Matthew 23:31	Wherefore ye be witnesses unto yourselves, that ye are the children of them which killed the prophets.
Matthew 23:32	Fill ye up then the measure of your fathers.
