Matthew 20:9	And when they came that were hired about the eleventh hour, they received every man a penny.
Matthew 20:10	But when the first came, they supposed that they should have received more; and they likewise received every man a penny.
Matthew 20:11	And when they had received it, they murmured against the goodman of the house,
Matthew 20:12	Saying, These last have wrought but one hour, and thou hast made them equal unto us, which have borne the burden and heat of the day.
Matthew 20:13	But he answered one of them, and said, Friend, I do thee no wrong: didst not thou agree with me for a penny?
Matthew 20:14	Take that thine is, and go thy way: I will give unto this last, even as unto thee.
Matthew 20:15	Is it not lawful for me to do what I will with mine own? Is thine eye evil, because I am good?
Matthew 20:16	So the last shall be first, and the first last: for many be called, but few chosen.
Matthew 20:17	And Jesus going up to Jerusalem took the twelve disciples apart in the way, and said unto them,
Matthew 20:18	Behold, we go up to Jerusalem; and the Son of man shall be betrayed unto the chief priests and unto the scribes, and they shall condemn him to death,
Matthew 20:19	And shall deliver him to the Gentiles to mock, and to scourge, and to crucify him: and the third day he shall rise again.
Matthew 20:20	Then came to him the mother of Zebedees children with her sons, worshipping him, and desiring a certain thing of him.
Matthew 20:21	And he said unto her, What wilt thou? She saith unto him, Grant that these my two sons may sit, the one on thy right hand, and the other on the left, in thy kingdom.
Matthew 20:22	But Jesus answered and said, Ye know not what ye ask. Are ye able to drink of the cup that I shall drink of, and to be baptized with the baptism that I am baptized with? They say unto him, We are able.
Matthew 20:23	And he saith unto them, Ye shall drink indeed of my cup, and be baptized with the baptism that I am baptized with: but to sit on my right hand, and on my left, is not mine to give, but it shall be given to them for whom it is prepared of my Father.
Matthew 20:24	And when the ten heard it, they were moved with indignation against the two brethren.
Matthew 20:25	But Jesus called them unto him, and said, Ye know that the princes of the Gentiles exercise dominion over them, and they that are great exercise authority upon them.
Matthew 20:26	But it shall not be so among you: but whosoever will be great among you, let him be your minister;
Matthew 20:27	And whosoever will be chief among you, let him be your servant:
Matthew 20:28	Even as the Son of man came not to be ministered unto, but to minister, and to give his life a ransom for many.
Matthew 20:29	And as they departed from Jericho, a great multitude followed him.
Matthew 20:30	And, behold, two blind men sitting by the way side, when they heard that Jesus passed by, cried out, saying, Have mercy on us, O Lord, thou son of David.
Matthew 20:31	And the multitude rebuked them, because they should hold their peace: but they cried the more, saying, Have mercy on us, O Lord, thou son of David.
Matthew 20:32	And Jesus stood still, and called them, and said, What will ye that I shall do unto you?
Matthew 20:33	They say unto him, Lord, that our eyes may be opened.
Matthew 20:34	So Jesus had compassion on them, and touched their eyes: and immediately their eyes received sight, and they followed him.
Matthew 21:1	And when they drew nigh unto Jerusalem, and were come to Bethphage, unto the mount of Olives, then sent Jesus two disciples,
Matthew 21:2	Saying unto them, Go into the village over against you, and straightway ye shall find an ass tied, and a colt with her: loose them, and bring them unto me.
Matthew 21:3	And if any man say ought unto you, ye shall say, The Lord hath need of them; and straightway he will send them.
Matthew 21:4	All this was done, that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophet, saying,
Matthew 21:5	Tell ye the daughter of Sion, Behold, thy King cometh unto thee, meek, and sitting upon an ass, and a colt the foal of an ass.
Matthew 21:6	And the disciples went, and did as Jesus commanded them,
Matthew 21:7	And brought the ass, and the colt, and put on them their clothes, and they set him thereon.
Matthew 21:8	And a very great multitude spread their garments in the way; others cut down branches from the trees, and strawed them in the way.
Matthew 21:9	And the multitudes that went before, and that followed, cried, saying, Hosanna to the son of David: Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord; Hosanna in the highest.
Matthew 21:10	And when he was come into Jerusalem, all the city was moved, saying, Who is this?
Matthew 21:11	And the multitude said, This is Jesus the prophet of Nazareth of Galilee.
Matthew 21:12	And Jesus went into the temple of God, and cast out all them that sold and bought in the temple, and overthrew the tables of the moneychangers, and the seats of them that sold doves,
Matthew 21:13	And said unto them, It is written, My house shall be called the house of prayer; but ye have made it a den of thieves.
Matthew 21:14	And the blind and the lame came to him in the temple; and he healed them.
Matthew 21:15	And when the chief priests and scribes saw the wonderful things that he did, and the children crying in the temple, and saying, Hosanna to the son of David; they were sore displeased,
Matthew 21:16	And said unto him, Hearest thou what these say? And Jesus saith unto them, Yea; have ye never read, Out of the mouth of babes and sucklings thou hast perfected praise?
Matthew 21:17	And he left them, and went out of the city into Bethany; and he lodged there.
Matthew 21:18	Now in the morning as he returned into the city, he hungered.
Matthew 21:19	And when he saw a fig tree in the way, he came to it, and found nothing thereon, but leaves only, and said unto it, Let no fruit grow on thee henceforward for ever. And presently the fig tree withered away.
Matthew 21:20	And when the disciples saw it, they marvelled, saying, How soon is the fig tree withered away!
Matthew 21:21	Jesus answered and said unto them, Verily I say unto you, If ye have faith, and doubt not, ye shall not only do this which is done to the fig tree, but also if ye shall say unto this mountain, Be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea; it shall be done.
Matthew 21:22	And all things, whatsoever ye shall ask in prayer, believing, ye shall receive.
Matthew 21:23	And when he was come into the temple, the chief priests and the elders of the people came unto him as he was teaching, and said, By what authority doest thou these things? and who gave thee this authority?
Matthew 21:24	And Jesus answered and said unto them, I also will ask you one thing, which if ye tell me, I in like wise will tell you by what authority I do these things.
