Matthew 27:22	Pilate saith unto them, What shall I do then with Jesus which is called Christ? They all say unto him, Let him be crucified.
Matthew 27:23	And the governor said, Why, what evil hath he done? But they cried out the more, saying, Let him be crucified.
Matthew 27:24	When Pilate saw that he could prevail nothing, but that rather a tumult was made, he took water, and washed his hands before the multitude, saying, I am innocent of the blood of this just person: see ye to it.
Matthew 27:25	Then answered all the people, and said, His blood be on us, and on our children.
Matthew 27:26	Then released he Barabbas unto them: and when he had scourged Jesus, he delivered him to be crucified.
Matthew 27:27	Then the soldiers of the governor took Jesus into the common hall, and gathered unto him the whole band of soldiers.
Matthew 27:28	And they stripped him, and put on him a scarlet robe.
Matthew 27:29	And when they had platted a crown of thorns, they put it upon his head, and a reed in his right hand: and they bowed the knee before him, and mocked him, saying, Hail, King of the Jews!
Matthew 27:30	And they spit upon him, and took the reed, and smote him on the head.
Matthew 27:31	And after that they had mocked him, they took the robe off from him, and put his own raiment on him, and led him away to crucify him.
Matthew 27:32	And as they came out, they found a man of Cyrene, Simon by name: him they compelled to bear his cross.
Matthew 27:33	And when they were come unto a place called Golgotha, that is to say, a place of a skull,
Matthew 27:34	They gave him vinegar to drink mingled with gall: and when he had tasted thereof, he would not drink.
Matthew 27:35	And they crucified him, and parted his garments, casting lots: that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophet, They parted my garments among them, and upon my vesture did they cast lots.
Matthew 27:36	And sitting down they watched him there;
Matthew 27:37	And set up over his head his accusation written, THIS IS JESUS THE KING OF THE JEWS.
Matthew 27:38	Then were there two thieves crucified with him, one on the right hand, and another on the left.
Matthew 27:39	And they that passed by reviled him, wagging their heads,
Matthew 27:40	And saying, Thou that destroyest the temple, and buildest it in three days, save thyself. If thou be the Son of God, come down from the cross.
Matthew 27:41	Likewise also the chief priests mocking him, with the scribes and elders, said,
Matthew 27:42	He saved others; himself he cannot save. If he be the King of Israel, let him now come down from the cross, and we will believe him.
Matthew 27:43	He trusted in God; let him deliver him now, if he will have him: for he said, I am the Son of God.
Matthew 27:44	The thieves also, which were crucified with him, cast the same in his teeth.
Matthew 27:45	Now from the sixth hour there was darkness over all the land unto the ninth hour.
Matthew 27:46	And about the ninth hour Jesus cried with a loud voice, saying, Eli, Eli, lama sabachthani? that is to say, My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?
Matthew 27:47	Some of them that stood there, when they heard that, said, This man calleth for Elias.
Matthew 27:48	And straightway one of them ran, and took a spunge, and filled it with vinegar, and put it on a reed, and gave him to drink.
Matthew 27:49	The rest said, Let be, let us see whether Elias will come to save him.
Matthew 27:50	Jesus, when he had cried again with a loud voice, yielded up the ghost.
Matthew 27:51	And, behold, the veil of the temple was rent in twain from the top to the bottom; and the earth did quake, and the rocks rent;
Matthew 27:52	And the graves were opened; and many bodies of the saints which slept arose,
Matthew 27:53	And came out of the graves after his resurrection, and went into the holy city, and appeared unto many.
Matthew 27:54	Now when the centurion, and they that were with him, watching Jesus, saw the earthquake, and those things that were done, they feared greatly, saying, Truly this was the Son of God.
Matthew 27:55	And many women were there beholding afar off, which followed Jesus from Galilee, ministering unto him:
Matthew 27:56	Among which was Mary Magdalene, and Mary the mother of James and Joses, and the mother of Zebedees children.
Matthew 27:57	When the even was come, there came a rich man of Arimathaea, named Joseph, who also himself was Jesus' disciple:
Matthew 27:58	He went to Pilate, and begged the body of Jesus. Then Pilate commanded the body to be delivered.
Matthew 27:59	And when Joseph had taken the body, he wrapped it in a clean linen cloth,
Matthew 27:60	And laid it in his own new tomb, which he had hewn out in the rock: and he rolled a great stone to the door of the sepulchre, and departed.
Matthew 27:61	And there was Mary Magdalene, and the other Mary, sitting over against the sepulchre.
Matthew 27:62	Now the next day, that followed the day of the preparation, the chief priests and Pharisees came together unto Pilate,
Matthew 27:63	Saying, Sir, we remember that that deceiver said, while he was yet alive, After three days I will rise again.
Matthew 27:64	Command therefore that the sepulchre be made sure until the third day, lest his disciples come by night, and steal him away, and say unto the people, He is risen from the dead: so the last error shall be worse than the first.
Matthew 27:65	Pilate said unto them, Ye have a watch: go your way, make it as sure as ye can.
Matthew 27:66	So they went, and made the sepulchre sure, sealing the stone, and setting a watch.
Matthew 28:1	In the end of the sabbath, as it began to dawn toward the first day of the week, came Mary Magdalene and the other Mary to see the sepulchre.
Matthew 28:2	And, behold, there was a great earthquake: for the angel of the Lord descended from heaven, and came and rolled back the stone from the door, and sat upon it.
Matthew 28:3	His countenance was like lightning, and his raiment white as snow:
Matthew 28:4	And for fear of him the keepers did shake, and became as dead men.
Matthew 28:5	And the angel answered and said unto the women, Fear not ye: for I know that ye seek Jesus, which was crucified.
