Matthew 12:12	How much then is a man better than a sheep? Wherefore it is lawful to do well on the sabbath days.
Matthew 12:13	Then saith he to the man, Stretch forth thine hand. And he stretched it forth; and it was restored whole, like as the other.
Matthew 12:14	Then the Pharisees went out, and held a council against him, how they might destroy him.
Matthew 12:15	But when Jesus knew it, he withdrew himself from thence: and great multitudes followed him, and he healed them all;
Matthew 12:16	And charged them that they should not make him known:
Matthew 12:17	That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by Esaias the prophet, saying,
Matthew 12:18	Behold my servant, whom I have chosen; my beloved, in whom my soul is well pleased: I will put my spirit upon him, and he shall shew judgment to the Gentiles.
Matthew 12:19	He shall not strive, nor cry; neither shall any man hear his voice in the streets.
Matthew 12:20	A bruised reed shall he not break, and smoking flax shall he not quench, till he send forth judgment unto victory.
Matthew 12:21	And in his name shall the Gentiles trust.
Matthew 12:22	Then was brought unto him one possessed with a devil, blind, and dumb: and he healed him, insomuch that the blind and dumb both spake and saw.
Matthew 12:23	And all the people were amazed, and said, Is not this the son of David?
Matthew 12:24	But when the Pharisees heard it, they said, This fellow doth not cast out devils, but by Beelzebub the prince of the devils.
Matthew 12:25	And Jesus knew their thoughts, and said unto them, Every kingdom divided against itself is brought to desolation; and every city or house divided against itself shall not stand:
Matthew 12:26	And if Satan cast out Satan, he is divided against himself; how shall then his kingdom stand?
Matthew 12:27	And if I by Beelzebub cast out devils, by whom do your children cast them out? therefore they shall be your judges.
Matthew 12:28	But if I cast out devils by the Spirit of God, then the kingdom of God is come unto you.
Matthew 12:29	Or else how can one enter into a strong man's house, and spoil his goods, except he first bind the strong man? and then he will spoil his house.
Matthew 12:30	He that is not with me is against me; and he that gathereth not with me scattereth abroad.
Matthew 12:31	Wherefore I say unto you, All manner of sin and blasphemy shall be forgiven unto men: but the blasphemy against the Holy Ghost shall not be forgiven unto men.
Matthew 12:32	And whosoever speaketh a word against the Son of man, it shall be forgiven him: but whosoever speaketh against the Holy Ghost, it shall not be forgiven him, neither in this world, neither in the world to come.
Matthew 12:33	Either make the tree good, and his fruit good; or else make the tree corrupt, and his fruit corrupt: for the tree is known by his fruit.
Matthew 12:34	O generation of vipers, how can ye, being evil, speak good things? for out of the abundance of the heart the mouth speaketh.
Matthew 12:35	A good man out of the good treasure of the heart bringeth forth good things: and an evil man out of the evil treasure bringeth forth evil things.
Matthew 12:36	But I say unto you, That every idle word that men shall speak, they shall give account thereof in the day of judgment.
Matthew 12:37	For by thy words thou shalt be justified, and by thy words thou shalt be condemned.
Matthew 12:38	Then certain of the scribes and of the Pharisees answered, saying, Master, we would see a sign from thee.
Matthew 12:39	But he answered and said unto them, An evil and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign; and there shall no sign be given to it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas:
Matthew 12:40	For as Jonas was three days and three nights in the whale's belly; so shall the Son of man be three days and three nights in the heart of the earth.
Matthew 12:41	The men of Nineveh shall rise in judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: because they repented at the preaching of Jonas; and, behold, a greater than Jonas is here.
Matthew 12:42	The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for she came from the uttermost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.
Matthew 12:43	When the unclean spirit is gone out of a man, he walketh through dry places, seeking rest, and findeth none.
Matthew 12:44	Then he saith, I will return into my house from whence I came out; and when he is come, he findeth it empty, swept, and garnished.
Matthew 12:45	Then goeth he, and taketh with himself seven other spirits more wicked than himself, and they enter in and dwell there: and the last state of that man is worse than the first. Even so shall it be also unto this wicked generation.
Matthew 12:46	While he yet talked to the people, behold, his mother and his brethren stood without, desiring to speak with him.
Matthew 12:47	Then one said unto him, Behold, thy mother and thy brethren stand without, desiring to speak with thee.
Matthew 12:48	But he answered and said unto him that told him, Who is my mother? and who are my brethren?
Matthew 12:49	And he stretched forth his hand toward his disciples, and said, Behold my mother and my brethren!
Matthew 12:50	For whosoever shall do the will of my Father which is in heaven, the same is my brother, and sister, and mother.
Matthew 13:1	The same day went Jesus out of the house, and sat by the sea side.
Matthew 13:2	And great multitudes were gathered together unto him, so that he went into a ship, and sat; and the whole multitude stood on the shore.
Matthew 13:3	And he spake many things unto them in parables, saying, Behold, a sower went forth to sow;
Matthew 13:4	And when he sowed, some seeds fell by the way side, and the fowls came and devoured them up:
Matthew 13:5	Some fell upon stony places, where they had not much earth: and forthwith they sprung up, because they had no deepness of earth:
Matthew 13:6	And when the sun was up, they were scorched; and because they had no root, they withered away.
Matthew 13:7	And some fell among thorns; and the thorns sprung up, and choked them:
Matthew 13:8	But other fell into good ground, and brought forth fruit, some an hundredfold, some sixtyfold, some thirtyfold.
Matthew 13:9	Who hath ears to hear, let him hear.
Matthew 13:10	And the disciples came, and said unto him, Why speakest thou unto them in parables?
Matthew 13:11	He answered and said unto them, Because it is given unto you to know the mysteries of the kingdom of heaven, but to them it is not given.
