Hosea 11:11	They shall tremble as a bird out of Egypt, and as a dove out of the land of Assyria: and I will place them in their houses, saith the LORD.
Hosea 11:12	Ephraim compasseth me about with lies, and the house of Israel with deceit: but Judah yet ruleth with God, and is faithful with the saints.
Hosea 12:1	Ephraim feedeth on wind, and followeth after the east wind: he daily increaseth lies and desolation; and they do make a covenant with the Assyrians, and oil is carried into Egypt.
Hosea 12:2	The LORD hath also a controversy with Judah, and will punish Jacob according to his ways; according to his doings will he recompense him.
Hosea 12:3	He took his brother by the heel in the womb, and by his strength he had power with God:
Hosea 12:4	Yea, he had power over the angel, and prevailed: he wept, and made supplication unto him: he found him in Bethel, and there he spake with us;
Hosea 12:5	Even the LORD God of hosts; the LORD is his memorial.
Hosea 12:6	Therefore turn thou to thy God: keep mercy and judgment and wait on thy God continually.
Hosea 12:7	He is a merchant, the balances of deceit are in his hand: he loveth to oppress.
Hosea 12:8	And Ephraim said, Yet I am become rich, I have found me out substance: in all my labours they shall find none iniquity in me that were sin.
Hosea 12:9	And I that am the LORD thy God from the land of Egypt will yet make thee to dwell in tabernacles, as in the days of the solemn feast.
Hosea 12:10	I have also spoken by the prophets, and I have multiplied visions, and used similitudes, by the ministry of the prophets.
Hosea 12:11	Is there iniquity in Gilead? surely they are vanity: they sacrifice bullocks in Gilgal; yea, their altars are as heaps in the furrows of the fields.
Hosea 12:12	And Jacob fled into the country of Syria, and Israel served for a wife, and for a wife he kept sheep.
Hosea 12:13	And by a prophet the LORD brought Israel out of Egypt, and by a prophet was he preserved.
Hosea 12:14	Ephraim provoked him to anger most bitterly: therefore shall he leave his blood upon him, and his reproach shall his LORD return unto him.
Hosea 13:1	When Ephraim spake trembling, he exalted himself in Israel; but when he offended in Baal, he died.
Hosea 13:2	And now they sin more and more, and have made them molten images of their silver, and idols according to their own understanding, all of it the work of the craftsmen: they say of them, Let the men that sacrifice kiss the calves.
Hosea 13:3	Therefore they shall be as the morning cloud and as the early dew that passeth away, as the chaff that is driven with the whirlwind out of the floor, and as the smoke out of the chimney.
Hosea 13:4	Yet I am the LORD thy God from the land of Egypt, and thou shalt know no god but me: for there is no saviour beside me.
Hosea 13:5	I did know thee in the wilderness, in the land of great drought.
Hosea 13:6	According to their pasture, so were they filled; they were filled, and their heart was exalted; therefore have they forgotten me.
Hosea 13:7	Therefore I will be unto them as a lion: as a leopard by the way will I observe them:
Hosea 13:8	I will meet them as a bear that is bereaved of her whelps, and will rend the caul of their heart, and there will I devour them like a lion: the wild beast shall tear them.
Hosea 13:9	O Israel, thou hast destroyed thyself; but in me is thine help.
Hosea 13:10	I will be thy king: where is any other that may save thee in all thy cities? and thy judges of whom thou saidst, Give me a king and princes?
Hosea 13:11	I gave thee a king in mine anger, and took him away in my wrath.
Hosea 13:12	The iniquity of Ephraim is bound up; his sin is hid.
Hosea 13:13	The sorrows of a travailing woman shall come upon him: he is an unwise son; for he should not stay long in the place of the breaking forth of children.
Hosea 13:14	I will ransom them from the power of the grave; I will redeem them from death: O death, I will be thy plagues; O grave, I will be thy destruction: repentance shall be hid from mine eyes.
Hosea 13:15	Though he be fruitful among his brethren, an east wind shall come, the wind of the LORD shall come up from the wilderness, and his spring shall become dry, and his fountain shall be dried up: he shall spoil the treasure of all pleasant vessels.
Hosea 13:16	Samaria shall become desolate; for she hath rebelled against her God: they shall fall by the sword: their infants shall be dashed in pieces, and their women with child shall be ripped up.
Hosea 14:1	O israel, return unto the LORD thy God; for thou hast fallen by thine iniquity.
Hosea 14:2	Take with you words, and turn to the LORD: say unto him, Take away all iniquity, and receive us graciously: so will we render the calves of our lips.
Hosea 14:3	Asshur shall not save us; we will not ride upon horses: neither will we say any more to the work of our hands, Ye are our gods: for in thee the fatherless findeth mercy.
Hosea 14:4	I will heal their backsliding, I will love them freely: for mine anger is turned away from him.
Hosea 14:5	I will be as the dew unto Israel: he shall grow as the lily, and cast forth his roots as Lebanon.
Hosea 14:6	His branches shall spread, and his beauty shall be as the olive tree, and his smell as Lebanon.
Hosea 14:7	They that dwell under his shadow shall return; they shall revive as the corn, and grow as the vine: the scent thereof shall be as the wine of Lebanon.
Hosea 14:8	Ephraim shall say, What have I to do any more with idols? I have heard him, and observed him: I am like a green fir tree. From me is thy fruit found.
Hosea 14:9	Who is wise, and he shall understand these things? prudent, and he shall know them? for the ways of the LORD are right, and the just shall walk in them: but the transgressors shall fall therein.
Joel 1:1	The word of the LORD that came to Joel the son of Pethuel.
Joel 1:2	Hear this, ye old men, and give ear, all ye inhabitants of the land. Hath this been in your days, or even in the days of your fathers?
Joel 1:3	Tell ye your children of it, and let your children tell their children, and their children another generation.
Joel 1:4	That which the palmerworm hath left hath the locust eaten; and that which the locust hath left hath the cankerworm eaten; and that which the cankerworm hath left hath the caterpiller eaten.
Joel 1:5	Awake, ye drunkards, and weep; and howl, all ye drinkers of wine, because of the new wine; for it is cut off from your mouth.
Joel 1:6	For a nation is come up upon my land, strong, and without number, whose teeth are the teeth of a lion, and he hath the cheek teeth of a great lion.
Joel 1:7	He hath laid my vine waste, and barked my fig tree: he hath made it clean bare, and cast it away; the branches thereof are made white.
Joel 1:8	Lament like a virgin girded with sackcloth for the husband of her youth.
Joel 1:9	The meat offering and the drink offering is cut off from the house of the LORD; the priests, the LORD's ministers, mourn.
