Matthew 26:47	And while he yet spake, lo, Judas, one of the twelve, came, and with him a great multitude with swords and staves, from the chief priests and elders of the people.
Matthew 26:48	Now he that betrayed him gave them a sign, saying, Whomsoever I shall kiss, that same is he: hold him fast.
Matthew 26:49	And forthwith he came to Jesus, and said, Hail, master; and kissed him.
Matthew 26:50	And Jesus said unto him, Friend, wherefore art thou come? Then came they, and laid hands on Jesus and took him.
Matthew 26:51	And, behold, one of them which were with Jesus stretched out his hand, and drew his sword, and struck a servant of the high priest's, and smote off his ear.
Matthew 26:52	Then said Jesus unto him, Put up again thy sword into his place: for all they that take the sword shall perish with the sword.
Matthew 26:53	Thinkest thou that I cannot now pray to my Father, and he shall presently give me more than twelve legions of angels?
Matthew 26:54	But how then shall the scriptures be fulfilled, that thus it must be?
Matthew 26:55	In that same hour said Jesus to the multitudes, Are ye come out as against a thief with swords and staves for to take me? I sat daily with you teaching in the temple, and ye laid no hold on me.
Matthew 26:56	But all this was done, that the scriptures of the prophets might be fulfilled. Then all the disciples forsook him, and fled.
Matthew 26:57	And they that had laid hold on Jesus led him away to Caiaphas the high priest, where the scribes and the elders were assembled.
Matthew 26:58	But Peter followed him afar off unto the high priest's palace, and went in, and sat with the servants, to see the end.
Matthew 26:59	Now the chief priests, and elders, and all the council, sought false witness against Jesus, to put him to death;
Matthew 26:60	But found none: yea, though many false witnesses came, yet found they none. At the last came two false witnesses,
Matthew 26:61	And said, This fellow said, I am able to destroy the temple of God, and to build it in three days.
Matthew 26:62	And the high priest arose, and said unto him, Answerest thou nothing? what is it which these witness against thee?
Matthew 26:63	But Jesus held his peace, And the high priest answered and said unto him, I adjure thee by the living God, that thou tell us whether thou be the Christ, the Son of God.
Matthew 26:64	Jesus saith unto him, Thou hast said: nevertheless I say unto you, Hereafter shall ye see the Son of man sitting on the right hand of power, and coming in the clouds of heaven.
Matthew 26:65	Then the high priest rent his clothes, saying, He hath spoken blasphemy; what further need have we of witnesses? behold, now ye have heard his blasphemy.
Matthew 26:66	What think ye? They answered and said, He is guilty of death.
Matthew 26:67	Then did they spit in his face, and buffeted him; and others smote him with the palms of their hands,
Matthew 26:68	Saying, Prophesy unto us, thou Christ, Who is he that smote thee?
Matthew 26:69	Now Peter sat without in the palace: and a damsel came unto him, saying, Thou also wast with Jesus of Galilee.
Matthew 26:70	But he denied before them all, saying, I know not what thou sayest.
Matthew 26:71	And when he was gone out into the porch, another maid saw him, and said unto them that were there, This fellow was also with Jesus of Nazareth.
Matthew 26:72	And again he denied with an oath, I do not know the man.
Matthew 26:73	And after a while came unto him they that stood by, and said to Peter, Surely thou also art one of them; for thy speech bewrayeth thee.
Matthew 26:74	Then began he to curse and to swear, saying, I know not the man. And immediately the cock crew.
Matthew 26:75	And Peter remembered the word of Jesus, which said unto him, Before the cock crow, thou shalt deny me thrice. And he went out, and wept bitterly.
Matthew 27:1	When the morning was come, all the chief priests and elders of the people took counsel against Jesus to put him to death:
Matthew 27:2	And when they had bound him, they led him away, and delivered him to Pontius Pilate the governor.
Matthew 27:3	Then Judas, which had betrayed him, when he saw that he was condemned, repented himself, and brought again the thirty pieces of silver to the chief priests and elders,
Matthew 27:4	Saying, I have sinned in that I have betrayed the innocent blood. And they said, What is that to us? see thou to that.
Matthew 27:5	And he cast down the pieces of silver in the temple, and departed, and went and hanged himself.
Matthew 27:6	And the chief priests took the silver pieces, and said, It is not lawful for to put them into the treasury, because it is the price of blood.
Matthew 27:7	And they took counsel, and bought with them the potter's field, to bury strangers in.
Matthew 27:8	Wherefore that field was called, The field of blood, unto this day.
Matthew 27:9	Then was fulfilled that which was spoken by Jeremy the prophet, saying, And they took the thirty pieces of silver, the price of him that was valued, whom they of the children of Israel did value;
Matthew 27:10	And gave them for the potter's field, as the Lord appointed me.
Matthew 27:11	And Jesus stood before the governor: and the governor asked him, saying, Art thou the King of the Jews? And Jesus said unto him, Thou sayest.
Matthew 27:12	And when he was accused of the chief priests and elders, he answered nothing.
Matthew 27:13	Then said Pilate unto him, Hearest thou not how many things they witness against thee?
Matthew 27:14	And he answered him to never a word; insomuch that the governor marvelled greatly.
Matthew 27:15	Now at that feast the governor was wont to release unto the people a prisoner, whom they would.
Matthew 27:16	And they had then a notable prisoner, called Barabbas.
Matthew 27:17	Therefore when they were gathered together, Pilate said unto them, Whom will ye that I release unto you? Barabbas, or Jesus which is called Christ?
Matthew 27:18	For he knew that for envy they had delivered him.
Matthew 27:19	When he was set down on the judgment seat, his wife sent unto him, saying, Have thou nothing to do with that just man: for I have suffered many things this day in a dream because of him.
Matthew 27:20	But the chief priests and elders persuaded the multitude that they should ask Barabbas, and destroy Jesus.
Matthew 27:21	The governor answered and said unto them, Whether of the twain will ye that I release unto you? They said, Barabbas.
