Acts 10:42	And he commanded us to preach unto the people, and to testify that it is he which was ordained of God to be the Judge of quick and dead.
Acts 10:43	To him give all the prophets witness, that through his name whosoever believeth in him shall receive remission of sins.
Acts 10:44	While Peter yet spake these words, the Holy Ghost fell on all them which heard the word.
Acts 10:45	And they of the circumcision which believed were astonished, as many as came with Peter, because that on the Gentiles also was poured out the gift of the Holy Ghost.
Acts 10:46	For they heard them speak with tongues, and magnify God. Then answered Peter,
Acts 10:47	Can any man forbid water, that these should not be baptized, which have received the Holy Ghost as well as we?
Acts 10:48	And he commanded them to be baptized in the name of the Lord. Then prayed they him to tarry certain days.
Acts 11:1	And the apostles and brethren that were in Judaea heard that the Gentiles had also received the word of God.
Acts 11:2	And when Peter was come up to Jerusalem, they that were of the circumcision contended with him,
Acts 11:3	Saying, Thou wentest in to men uncircumcised, and didst eat with them.
Acts 11:4	But Peter rehearsed the matter from the beginning, and expounded it by order unto them, saying,
Acts 11:5	I was in the city of Joppa praying: and in a trance I saw a vision, A certain vessel descend, as it had been a great sheet, let down from heaven by four corners; and it came even to me:
Acts 11:6	Upon the which when I had fastened mine eyes, I considered, and saw fourfooted beasts of the earth, and wild beasts, and creeping things, and fowls of the air.
Acts 11:7	And I heard a voice saying unto me, Arise, Peter; slay and eat.
Acts 11:8	But I said, Not so, Lord: for nothing common or unclean hath at any time entered into my mouth.
Acts 11:9	But the voice answered me again from heaven, What God hath cleansed, that call not thou common.
Acts 11:10	And this was done three times: and all were drawn up again into heaven.
Acts 11:11	And, behold, immediately there were three men already come unto the house where I was, sent from Caesarea unto me.
Acts 11:12	And the Spirit bade me go with them, nothing doubting. Moreover these six brethren accompanied me, and we entered into the man's house:
Acts 11:13	And he shewed us how he had seen an angel in his house, which stood and said unto him, Send men to Joppa, and call for Simon, whose surname is Peter;
Acts 11:14	Who shall tell thee words, whereby thou and all thy house shall be saved.
Acts 11:15	And as I began to speak, the Holy Ghost fell on them, as on us at the beginning.
Acts 11:16	Then remembered I the word of the Lord, how that he said, John indeed baptized with water; but ye shall be baptized with the Holy Ghost.
Acts 11:17	Forasmuch then as God gave them the like gift as he did unto us, who believed on the Lord Jesus Christ; what was I, that I could withstand God?
Acts 11:18	When they heard these things, they held their peace, and glorified God, saying, Then hath God also to the Gentiles granted repentance unto life.
Acts 11:19	Now they which were scattered abroad upon the persecution that arose about Stephen travelled as far as Phenice, and Cyprus, and Antioch, preaching the word to none but unto the Jews only.
Acts 11:20	And some of them were men of Cyprus and Cyrene, which, when they were come to Antioch, spake unto the Grecians, preaching the LORD Jesus.
Acts 11:21	And the hand of the Lord was with them: and a great number believed, and turned unto the Lord.
Acts 11:22	Then tidings of these things came unto the ears of the church which was in Jerusalem: and they sent forth Barnabas, that he should go as far as Antioch.
Acts 11:23	Who, when he came, and had seen the grace of God, was glad, and exhorted them all, that with purpose of heart they would cleave unto the Lord.
Acts 11:24	For he was a good man, and full of the Holy Ghost and of faith: and much people was added unto the Lord.
Acts 11:25	Then departed Barnabas to Tarsus, for to seek Saul:
Acts 11:26	And when he had found him, he brought him unto Antioch. And it came to pass, that a whole year they assembled themselves with the church, and taught much people. And the disciples were called Christians first in Antioch.
Acts 11:27	And in these days came prophets from Jerusalem unto Antioch.
Acts 11:28	And there stood up one of them named Agabus, and signified by the Spirit that there should be great dearth throughout all the world: which came to pass in the days of Claudius Caesar.
Acts 11:29	Then the disciples, every man according to his ability, determined to send relief unto the brethren which dwelt in Judaea:
Acts 11:30	Which also they did, and sent it to the elders by the hands of Barnabas and Saul.
Acts 12:1	Now about that time Herod the king stretched forth his hands to vex certain of the church.
Acts 12:2	And he killed James the brother of John with the sword.
Acts 12:3	And because he saw it pleased the Jews, he proceeded further to take Peter also. (Then were the days of unleavened bread.)
Acts 12:4	And when he had apprehended him, he put him in prison, and delivered him to four quaternions of soldiers to keep him; intending after Easter to bring him forth to the people.
Acts 12:5	Peter therefore was kept in prison: but prayer was made without ceasing of the church unto God for him.
Acts 12:6	And when Herod would have brought him forth, the same night Peter was sleeping between two soldiers, bound with two chains: and the keepers before the door kept the prison.
Acts 12:7	And, behold, the angel of the Lord came upon him, and a light shined in the prison: and he smote Peter on the side, and raised him up, saying, Arise up quickly. And his chains fell off from his hands.
Acts 12:8	And the angel said unto him, Gird thyself, and bind on thy sandals. And so he did. And he saith unto him, Cast thy garment about thee, and follow me.
Acts 12:9	And he went out, and followed him; and wist not that it was true which was done by the angel; but thought he saw a vision.
Acts 12:10	When they were past the first and the second ward, they came unto the iron gate that leadeth unto the city; which opened to them of his own accord: and they went out, and passed on through one street; and forthwith the angel departed from him.
Acts 12:11	And when Peter was come to himself, he said, Now I know of a surety, that the LORD hath sent his angel, and hath delivered me out of the hand of Herod, and from all the expectation of the people of the Jews.
Acts 12:12	And when he had considered the thing, he came to the house of Mary the mother of John, whose surname was Mark; where many were gathered together praying.
Acts 12:13	And as Peter knocked at the door of the gate, a damsel came to hearken, named Rhoda.
