Exodus 30:19	For Aaron and his sons shall wash their hands and their feet thereat:
Exodus 30:20	When they go into the tabernacle of the congregation, they shall wash with water, that they die not; or when they come near to the altar to minister, to burn offering made by fire unto the LORD:
Exodus 30:21	So they shall wash their hands and their feet, that they die not: and it shall be a statute for ever to them, even to him and to his seed throughout their generations.
Exodus 30:22	Moreover the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Exodus 30:23	Take thou also unto thee principal spices, of pure myrrh five hundred shekels, and of sweet cinnamon half so much, even two hundred and fifty shekels, and of sweet calamus two hundred and fifty shekels,
Exodus 30:24	And of cassia five hundred shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary, and of oil olive an hin:
Exodus 30:25	And thou shalt make it an oil of holy ointment, an ointment compound after the art of the apothecary: it shall be an holy anointing oil.
Exodus 30:26	And thou shalt anoint the tabernacle of the congregation therewith, and the ark of the testimony,
Exodus 30:27	And the table and all his vessels, and the candlestick and his vessels, and the altar of incense,
Exodus 30:28	And the altar of burnt offering with all his vessels, and the laver and his foot.
Exodus 30:29	And thou shalt sanctify them, that they may be most holy: whatsoever toucheth them shall be holy.
Exodus 30:30	And thou shalt anoint Aaron and his sons, and consecrate them, that they may minister unto me in the priest's office.
Exodus 30:31	And thou shalt speak unto the children of Israel, saying, This shall be an holy anointing oil unto me throughout your generations.
Exodus 30:32	Upon man's flesh shall it not be poured, neither shall ye make any other like it, after the composition of it: it is holy, and it shall be holy unto you.
Exodus 30:33	Whosoever compoundeth any like it, or whosoever putteth any of it upon a stranger, shall even be cut off from his people.
Exodus 30:34	And the LORD said unto Moses, Take unto thee sweet spices, stacte, and onycha, and galbanum; these sweet spices with pure frankincense: of each shall there be a like weight:
Exodus 30:35	And thou shalt make it a perfume, a confection after the art of the apothecary, tempered together, pure and holy:
Exodus 30:36	And thou shalt beat some of it very small, and put of it before the testimony in the tabernacle of the congregation, where I will meet with thee: it shall be unto you most holy.
Exodus 30:37	And as for the perfume which thou shalt make, ye shall not make to yourselves according to the composition thereof: it shall be unto thee holy for the LORD.
Exodus 30:38	Whosoever shall make like unto that, to smell thereto, shall even be cut off from his people.
Exodus 31:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Exodus 31:2	See, I have called by name Bezaleel the son of Uri, the son of Hur, of the tribe of Judah:
Exodus 31:3	And I have filled him with the spirit of God, in wisdom, and in understanding, and in knowledge, and in all manner of workmanship,
Exodus 31:4	To devise cunning works, to work in gold, and in silver, and in brass,
Exodus 31:5	And in cutting of stones, to set them, and in carving of timber, to work in all manner of workmanship.
Exodus 31:6	And I, behold, I have given with him Aholiab, the son of Ahisamach, of the tribe of Dan: and in the hearts of all that are wise hearted I have put wisdom, that they may make all that I have commanded thee;
Exodus 31:7	The tabernacle of the congregation, and the ark of the testimony, and the mercy seat that is thereupon, and all the furniture of the tabernacle,
Exodus 31:8	And the table and his furniture, and the pure candlestick with all his furniture, and the altar of incense,
Exodus 31:9	And the altar of burnt offering with all his furniture, and the laver and his foot,
Exodus 31:10	And the cloths of service, and the holy garments for Aaron the priest, and the garments of his sons, to minister in the priest's office,
Exodus 31:11	And the anointing oil, and sweet incense for the holy place: according to all that I have commanded thee shall they do.
Exodus 31:12	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Exodus 31:13	Speak thou also unto the children of Israel, saying, Verily my sabbaths ye shall keep: for it is a sign between me and you throughout your generations; that ye may know that I am the LORD that doth sanctify you.
Exodus 31:14	Ye shall keep the sabbath therefore; for it is holy unto you: every one that defileth it shall surely be put to death: for whosoever doeth any work therein, that soul shall be cut off from among his people.
Exodus 31:15	Six days may work be done; but in the seventh is the sabbath of rest, holy to the LORD: whosoever doeth any work in the sabbath day, he shall surely be put to death.
Exodus 31:16	Wherefore the children of Israel shall keep the sabbath, to observe the sabbath throughout their generations, for a perpetual covenant.
Exodus 31:17	It is a sign between me and the children of Israel for ever: for in six days the LORD made heaven and earth, and on the seventh day he rested, and was refreshed.
Exodus 31:18	And he gave unto Moses, when he had made an end of communing with him upon mount Sinai, two tables of testimony, tables of stone, written with the finger of God.
Exodus 32:1	And when the people saw that Moses delayed to come down out of the mount, the people gathered themselves together unto Aaron, and said unto him, Up, make us gods, which shall go before us; for as for this Moses, the man that brought us up out of the land of Egypt, we wot not what is become of him.
Exodus 32:2	And Aaron said unto them, Break off the golden earrings, which are in the ears of your wives, of your sons, and of your daughters, and bring them unto me.
Exodus 32:3	And all the people brake off the golden earrings which were in their ears, and brought them unto Aaron.
Exodus 32:4	And he received them at their hand, and fashioned it with a graving tool, after he had made it a molten calf: and they said, These be thy gods, O Israel, which brought thee up out of the land of Egypt.
Exodus 32:5	And when Aaron saw it, he built an altar before it; and Aaron made proclamation, and said, To morrow is a feast to the LORD.
Exodus 32:6	And they rose up early on the morrow, and offered burnt offerings, and brought peace offerings; and the people sat down to eat and to drink, and rose up to play.
Exodus 32:7	And the LORD said unto Moses, Go, get thee down; for thy people, which thou broughtest out of the land of Egypt, have corrupted themselves:
Exodus 32:8	They have turned aside quickly out of the way which I commanded them: they have made them a molten calf, and have worshipped it, and have sacrificed thereunto, and said, These be thy gods, O Israel, which have brought thee up out of the land of Egypt.
Exodus 32:9	And the LORD said unto Moses, I have seen this people, and, behold, it is a stiffnecked people:
Exodus 32:10	Now therefore let me alone, that my wrath may wax hot against them, and that I may consume them: and I will make of thee a great nation.
Exodus 32:11	And Moses besought the LORD his God, and said, LORD, why doth thy wrath wax hot against thy people, which thou hast brought forth out of the land of Egypt with great power, and with a mighty hand?
Exodus 32:12	Wherefore should the Egyptians speak, and say, For mischief did he bring them out, to slay them in the mountains, and to consume them from the face of the earth? Turn from thy fierce wrath, and repent of this evil against thy people.
