Romans 1:21	Because that, when they knew God, they glorified him not as God, neither were thankful; but became vain in their imaginations, and their foolish heart was darkened.
Romans 1:22	Professing themselves to be wise, they became fools,
Romans 1:23	And changed the glory of the uncorruptible God into an image made like to corruptible man, and to birds, and fourfooted beasts, and creeping things.
Romans 1:24	Wherefore God also gave them up to uncleanness through the lusts of their own hearts, to dishonour their own bodies between themselves:
Romans 1:25	Who changed the truth of God into a lie, and worshipped and served the creature more than the Creator, who is blessed for ever. Amen.
Romans 1:26	For this cause God gave them up unto vile affections: for even their women did change the natural use into that which is against nature:
Romans 1:27	And likewise also the men, leaving the natural use of the woman, burned in their lust one toward another; men with men working that which is unseemly, and receiving in themselves that recompence of their error which was meet.
Romans 1:28	And even as they did not like to retain God in their knowledge, God gave them over to a reprobate mind, to do those things which are not convenient;
Romans 1:29	Being filled with all unrighteousness, fornication, wickedness, covetousness, maliciousness; full of envy, murder, debate, deceit, malignity; whisperers,
Romans 1:30	Backbiters, haters of God, despiteful, proud, boasters, inventors of evil things, disobedient to parents,
Romans 1:31	Without understanding, covenantbreakers, without natural affection, implacable, unmerciful:
Romans 1:32	Who knowing the judgment of God, that they which commit such things are worthy of death, not only do the same, but have pleasure in them that do them.
Romans 2:1	Therefore thou art inexcusable, O man, whosoever thou art that judgest: for wherein thou judgest another, thou condemnest thyself; for thou that judgest doest the same things.
Romans 2:2	But we are sure that the judgment of God is according to truth against them which commit such things.
Romans 2:3	And thinkest thou this, O man, that judgest them which do such things, and doest the same, that thou shalt escape the judgment of God?
Romans 2:4	Or despisest thou the riches of his goodness and forbearance and longsuffering; not knowing that the goodness of God leadeth thee to repentance?
Romans 2:5	But after thy hardness and impenitent heart treasurest up unto thyself wrath against the day of wrath and revelation of the righteous judgment of God;
Romans 2:6	Who will render to every man according to his deeds:
Romans 2:7	To them who by patient continuance in well doing seek for glory and honour and immortality, eternal life:
Romans 2:8	But unto them that are contentious, and do not obey the truth, but obey unrighteousness, indignation and wrath,
Romans 2:9	Tribulation and anguish, upon every soul of man that doeth evil, of the Jew first, and also of the Gentile;
Romans 2:10	But glory, honour, and peace, to every man that worketh good, to the Jew first, and also to the Gentile:
Romans 2:11	For there is no respect of persons with God.
Romans 2:12	For as many as have sinned without law shall also perish without law: and as many as have sinned in the law shall be judged by the law;
Romans 2:13	(For not the hearers of the law are just before God, but the doers of the law shall be justified.
Romans 2:14	For when the Gentiles, which have not the law, do by nature the things contained in the law, these, having not the law, are a law unto themselves:
Romans 2:15	Which shew the work of the law written in their hearts, their conscience also bearing witness, and their thoughts the mean while accusing or else excusing one another;)
Romans 2:16	In the day when God shall judge the secrets of men by Jesus Christ according to my gospel.
Romans 2:17	Behold, thou art called a Jew, and restest in the law, and makest thy boast of God,
Romans 2:18	And knowest his will, and approvest the things that are more excellent, being instructed out of the law;
Romans 2:19	And art confident that thou thyself art a guide of the blind, a light of them which are in darkness,
Romans 2:20	An instructor of the foolish, a teacher of babes, which hast the form of knowledge and of the truth in the law.
Romans 2:21	Thou therefore which teachest another, teachest thou not thyself? thou that preachest a man should not steal, dost thou steal?
Romans 2:22	Thou that sayest a man should not commit adultery, dost thou commit adultery? thou that abhorrest idols, dost thou commit sacrilege?
Romans 2:23	Thou that makest thy boast of the law, through breaking the law dishonourest thou God?
Romans 2:24	For the name of God is blasphemed among the Gentiles through you, as it is written.
Romans 2:25	For circumcision verily profiteth, if thou keep the law: but if thou be a breaker of the law, thy circumcision is made uncircumcision.
Romans 2:26	Therefore if the uncircumcision keep the righteousness of the law, shall not his uncircumcision be counted for circumcision?
Romans 2:27	And shall not uncircumcision which is by nature, if it fulfil the law, judge thee, who by the letter and circumcision dost transgress the law?
Romans 2:28	For he is not a Jew, which is one outwardly; neither is that circumcision, which is outward in the flesh:
Romans 2:29	But he is a Jew, which is one inwardly; and circumcision is that of the heart, in the spirit, and not in the letter; whose praise is not of men, but of God.
Romans 3:1	What advantage then hath the Jew? or what profit is there of circumcision?
Romans 3:2	Much every way: chiefly, because that unto them were committed the oracles of God.
Romans 3:3	For what if some did not believe? shall their unbelief make the faith of God without effect?
Romans 3:4	God forbid: yea, let God be true, but every man a liar; as it is written, That thou mightest be justified in thy sayings, and mightest overcome when thou art judged.
Romans 3:5	But if our unrighteousness commend the righteousness of God, what shall we say? Is God unrighteous who taketh vengeance? (I speak as a man)
Romans 3:6	God forbid: for then how shall God judge the world?
Romans 3:7	For if the truth of God hath more abounded through my lie unto his glory; why yet am I also judged as a sinner?
Romans 3:8	And not rather, (as we be slanderously reported, and as some affirm that we say,) Let us do evil, that good may come? whose damnation is just.
Romans 3:9	What then? are we better than they? No, in no wise: for we have before proved both Jews and Gentiles, that they are all under sin;
