Romans 12:6	Having then gifts differing according to the grace that is given to us, whether prophecy, let us prophesy according to the proportion of faith;
Romans 12:7	Or ministry, let us wait on our ministering: or he that teacheth, on teaching;
Romans 12:8	Or he that exhorteth, on exhortation: he that giveth, let him do it with simplicity; he that ruleth, with diligence; he that sheweth mercy, with cheerfulness.
Romans 12:9	Let love be without dissimulation. Abhor that which is evil; cleave to that which is good.
Romans 12:10	Be kindly affectioned one to another with brotherly love; in honour preferring one another;
Romans 12:11	Not slothful in business; fervent in spirit; serving the Lord;
Romans 12:12	Rejoicing in hope; patient in tribulation; continuing instant in prayer;
Romans 12:13	Distributing to the necessity of saints; given to hospitality.
Romans 12:14	Bless them which persecute you: bless, and curse not.
Romans 12:15	Rejoice with them that do rejoice, and weep with them that weep.
Romans 12:16	Be of the same mind one toward another. Mind not high things, but condescend to men of low estate. Be not wise in your own conceits.
Romans 12:17	Recompense to no man evil for evil. Provide things honest in the sight of all men.
Romans 12:18	If it be possible, as much as lieth in you, live peaceably with all men.
Romans 12:19	Dearly beloved, avenge not yourselves, but rather give place unto wrath: for it is written, Vengeance is mine; I will repay, saith the Lord.
Romans 12:20	Therefore if thine enemy hunger, feed him; if he thirst, give him drink: for in so doing thou shalt heap coals of fire on his head.
Romans 12:21	Be not overcome of evil, but overcome evil with good.
Romans 13:1	Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers. For there is no power but of God: the powers that be are ordained of God.
Romans 13:2	Whosoever therefore resisteth the power, resisteth the ordinance of God: and they that resist shall receive to themselves damnation.
Romans 13:3	For rulers are not a terror to good works, but to the evil. Wilt thou then not be afraid of the power? do that which is good, and thou shalt have praise of the same:
Romans 13:4	For he is the minister of God to thee for good. But if thou do that which is evil, be afraid; for he beareth not the sword in vain: for he is the minister of God, a revenger to execute wrath upon him that doeth evil.
Romans 13:5	Wherefore ye must needs be subject, not only for wrath, but also for conscience sake.
Romans 13:6	For for this cause pay ye tribute also: for they are God's ministers, attending continually upon this very thing.
Romans 13:7	Render therefore to all their dues: tribute to whom tribute is due; custom to whom custom; fear to whom fear; honour to whom honour.
Romans 13:8	Owe no man any thing, but to love one another: for he that loveth another hath fulfilled the law.
Romans 13:9	For this, Thou shalt not commit adultery, Thou shalt not kill, Thou shalt not steal, Thou shalt not bear false witness, Thou shalt not covet; and if there be any other commandment, it is briefly comprehended in this saying, namely, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.
Romans 13:10	Love worketh no ill to his neighbour: therefore love is the fulfilling of the law.
Romans 13:11	And that, knowing the time, that now it is high time to awake out of sleep: for now is our salvation nearer than when we believed.
Romans 13:12	The night is far spent, the day is at hand: let us therefore cast off the works of darkness, and let us put on the armour of light.
Romans 13:13	Let us walk honestly, as in the day; not in rioting and drunkenness, not in chambering and wantonness, not in strife and envying.
Romans 13:14	But put ye on the Lord Jesus Christ, and make not provision for the flesh, to fulfil the lusts thereof.
Romans 14:1	Him that is weak in the faith receive ye, but not to doubtful disputations.
Romans 14:2	For one believeth that he may eat all things: another, who is weak, eateth herbs.
Romans 14:3	Let not him that eateth despise him that eateth not; and let not him which eateth not judge him that eateth: for God hath received him.
Romans 14:4	Who art thou that judgest another man's servant? to his own master he standeth or falleth. Yea, he shall be holden up: for God is able to make him stand.
Romans 14:5	One man esteemeth one day above another: another esteemeth every day alike. Let every man be fully persuaded in his own mind.
Romans 14:6	He that regardeth the day, regardeth it unto the Lord; and he that regardeth not the day, to the Lord he doth not regard it. He that eateth, eateth to the Lord, for he giveth God thanks; and he that eateth not, to the Lord he eateth not, and giveth God thanks.
Romans 14:7	For none of us liveth to himself, and no man dieth to himself.
Romans 14:8	For whether we live, we live unto the Lord; and whether we die, we die unto the Lord: whether we live therefore, or die, we are the Lord's.
Romans 14:9	For to this end Christ both died, and rose, and revived, that he might be Lord both of the dead and living.
Romans 14:10	But why dost thou judge thy brother? or why dost thou set at nought thy brother? for we shall all stand before the judgment seat of Christ.
Romans 14:11	For it is written, As I live, saith the Lord, every knee shall bow to me, and every tongue shall confess to God.
Romans 14:12	So then every one of us shall give account of himself to God.
Romans 14:13	Let us not therefore judge one another any more: but judge this rather, that no man put a stumblingblock or an occasion to fall in his brother's way.
Romans 14:14	I know, and am persuaded by the Lord Jesus, that there is nothing unclean of itself: but to him that esteemeth any thing to be unclean, to him it is unclean.
Romans 14:15	But if thy brother be grieved with thy meat, now walkest thou not charitably. Destroy not him with thy meat, for whom Christ died.
Romans 14:16	Let not then your good be evil spoken of:
Romans 14:17	For the kingdom of God is not meat and drink; but righteousness, and peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost.
Romans 14:18	For he that in these things serveth Christ is acceptable to God, and approved of men.
Romans 14:19	Let us therefore follow after the things which make for peace, and things wherewith one may edify another.
Romans 14:20	For meat destroy not the work of God. All things indeed are pure; but it is evil for that man who eateth with offence.
