John 11:28	And when she had so said, she went her way, and called Mary her sister secretly, saying, The Master is come, and calleth for thee.
John 11:29	As soon as she heard that, she arose quickly, and came unto him.
John 11:30	Now Jesus was not yet come into the town, but was in that place where Martha met him.
John 11:31	The Jews then which were with her in the house, and comforted her, when they saw Mary, that she rose up hastily and went out, followed her, saying, She goeth unto the grave to weep there.
John 11:32	Then when Mary was come where Jesus was, and saw him, she fell down at his feet, saying unto him, Lord, if thou hadst been here, my brother had not died.
John 11:33	When Jesus therefore saw her weeping, and the Jews also weeping which came with her, he groaned in the spirit, and was troubled.
John 11:34	And said, Where have ye laid him? They said unto him, Lord, come and see.
John 11:35	Jesus wept.
John 11:36	Then said the Jews, Behold how he loved him!
John 11:37	And some of them said, Could not this man, which opened the eyes of the blind, have caused that even this man should not have died?
John 11:38	Jesus therefore again groaning in himself cometh to the grave. It was a cave, and a stone lay upon it.
John 11:39	Jesus said, Take ye away the stone. Martha, the sister of him that was dead, saith unto him, Lord, by this time he stinketh: for he hath been dead four days.
John 11:40	Jesus saith unto her, Said I not unto thee, that, if thou wouldest believe, thou shouldest see the glory of God?
John 11:41	Then they took away the stone from the place where the dead was laid. And Jesus lifted up his eyes, and said, Father, I thank thee that thou hast heard me.
John 11:42	And I knew that thou hearest me always: but because of the people which stand by I said it, that they may believe that thou hast sent me.
John 11:43	And when he thus had spoken, he cried with a loud voice, Lazarus, come forth.
John 11:44	And he that was dead came forth, bound hand and foot with graveclothes: and his face was bound about with a napkin. Jesus saith unto them, Loose him, and let him go.
John 11:45	Then many of the Jews which came to Mary, and had seen the things which Jesus did, believed on him.
John 11:46	But some of them went their ways to the Pharisees, and told them what things Jesus had done.
John 11:47	Then gathered the chief priests and the Pharisees a council, and said, What do we? for this man doeth many miracles.
John 11:48	If we let him thus alone, all men will believe on him: and the Romans shall come and take away both our place and nation.
John 11:49	And one of them, named Caiaphas, being the high priest that same year, said unto them, Ye know nothing at all,
John 11:50	Nor consider that it is expedient for us, that one man should die for the people, and that the whole nation perish not.
John 11:51	And this spake he not of himself: but being high priest that year, he prophesied that Jesus should die for that nation;
John 11:52	And not for that nation only, but that also he should gather together in one the children of God that were scattered abroad.
John 11:53	Then from that day forth they took counsel together for to put him to death.
John 11:54	Jesus therefore walked no more openly among the Jews; but went thence unto a country near to the wilderness, into a city called Ephraim, and there continued with his disciples.
John 11:55	And the Jews' passover was nigh at hand: and many went out of the country up to Jerusalem before the passover, to purify themselves.
John 11:56	Then sought they for Jesus, and spake among themselves, as they stood in the temple, What think ye, that he will not come to the feast?
John 11:57	Now both the chief priests and the Pharisees had given a commandment, that, if any man knew where he were, he should shew it, that they might take him.
John 12:1	Then Jesus six days before the passover came to Bethany, where Lazarus was, which had been dead, whom he raised from the dead.
John 12:2	There they made him a supper; and Martha served: but Lazarus was one of them that sat at the table with him.
John 12:3	Then took Mary a pound of ointment of spikenard, very costly, and anointed the feet of Jesus, and wiped his feet with her hair: and the house was filled with the odour of the ointment.
John 12:4	Then saith one of his disciples, Judas Iscariot, Simon's son, which should betray him,
John 12:5	Why was not this ointment sold for three hundred pence, and given to the poor?
John 12:6	This he said, not that he cared for the poor; but because he was a thief, and had the bag, and bare what was put therein.
John 12:7	Then said Jesus, Let her alone: against the day of my burying hath she kept this.
John 12:8	For the poor always ye have with you; but me ye have not always.
John 12:9	Much people of the Jews therefore knew that he was there: and they came not for Jesus' sake only, but that they might see Lazarus also, whom he had raised from the dead.
John 12:10	But the chief priests consulted that they might put Lazarus also to death;
John 12:11	Because that by reason of him many of the Jews went away, and believed on Jesus.
John 12:12	On the next day much people that were come to the feast, when they heard that Jesus was coming to Jerusalem,
John 12:13	Took branches of palm trees, and went forth to meet him, and cried, Hosanna: Blessed is the King of Israel that cometh in the name of the Lord.
John 12:14	And Jesus, when he had found a young ass, sat thereon; as it is written,
John 12:15	Fear not, daughter of Sion: behold, thy King cometh, sitting on an ass's colt.
John 12:16	These things understood not his disciples at the first: but when Jesus was glorified, then remembered they that these things were written of him, and that they had done these things unto him.
John 12:17	The people therefore that was with him when he called Lazarus out of his grave, and raised him from the dead, bare record.
John 12:18	For this cause the people also met him, for that they heard that he had done this miracle.
John 12:19	The Pharisees therefore said among themselves, Perceive ye how ye prevail nothing? behold, the world is gone after him.
John 12:20	And there were certain Greeks among them that came up to worship at the feast:
