Romans 10:13	For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.
Romans 10:14	How then shall they call on him in whom they have not believed? and how shall they believe in him of whom they have not heard? and how shall they hear without a preacher?
Romans 10:15	And how shall they preach, except they be sent? as it is written, How beautiful are the feet of them that preach the gospel of peace, and bring glad tidings of good things!
Romans 10:16	But they have not all obeyed the gospel. For Esaias saith, Lord, who hath believed our report?
Romans 10:17	So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.
Romans 10:18	But I say, Have they not heard? Yes verily, their sound went into all the earth, and their words unto the ends of the world.
Romans 10:19	But I say, Did not Israel know? First Moses saith, I will provoke you to jealousy by them that are no people, and by a foolish nation I will anger you.
Romans 10:20	But Esaias is very bold, and saith, I was found of them that sought me not; I was made manifest unto them that asked not after me.
Romans 10:21	But to Israel he saith, All day long I have stretched forth my hands unto a disobedient and gainsaying people.
Romans 11:1	I say then, Hath God cast away his people? God forbid. For I also am an Israelite, of the seed of Abraham, of the tribe of Benjamin.
Romans 11:2	God hath not cast away his people which he foreknew. Wot ye not what the scripture saith of Elias? how he maketh intercession to God against Israel saying,
Romans 11:3	Lord, they have killed thy prophets, and digged down thine altars; and I am left alone, and they seek my life.
Romans 11:4	But what saith the answer of God unto him? I have reserved to myself seven thousand men, who have not bowed the knee to the image of Baal.
Romans 11:5	Even so then at this present time also there is a remnant according to the election of grace.
Romans 11:6	And if by grace, then is it no more of works: otherwise grace is no more grace. But if it be of works, then it is no more grace: otherwise work is no more work.
Romans 11:7	What then? Israel hath not obtained that which he seeketh for; but the election hath obtained it, and the rest were blinded.
Romans 11:8	(According as it is written, God hath given them the spirit of slumber, eyes that they should not see, and ears that they should not hear;) unto this day.
Romans 11:9	And David saith, Let their table be made a snare, and a trap, and a stumblingblock, and a recompence unto them:
Romans 11:10	Let their eyes be darkened, that they may not see, and bow down their back alway.
Romans 11:11	I say then, Have they stumbled that they should fall? God forbid: but rather through their fall salvation is come unto the Gentiles, for to provoke them to jealousy.
Romans 11:12	Now if the fall of them be the riches of the world, and the diminishing of them the riches of the Gentiles; how much more their fulness?
Romans 11:13	For I speak to you Gentiles, inasmuch as I am the apostle of the Gentiles, I magnify mine office:
Romans 11:14	If by any means I may provoke to emulation them which are my flesh, and might save some of them.
Romans 11:15	For if the casting away of them be the reconciling of the world, what shall the receiving of them be, but life from the dead?
Romans 11:16	For if the firstfruit be holy, the lump is also holy: and if the root be holy, so are the branches.
Romans 11:17	And if some of the branches be broken off, and thou, being a wild olive tree, wert graffed in among them, and with them partakest of the root and fatness of the olive tree;
Romans 11:18	Boast not against the branches. But if thou boast, thou bearest not the root, but the root thee.
Romans 11:19	Thou wilt say then, The branches were broken off, that I might be graffed in.
Romans 11:20	Well; because of unbelief they were broken off, and thou standest by faith. Be not highminded, but fear:
Romans 11:21	For if God spared not the natural branches, take heed lest he also spare not thee.
Romans 11:22	Behold therefore the goodness and severity of God: on them which fell, severity; but toward thee, goodness, if thou continue in his goodness: otherwise thou also shalt be cut off.
Romans 11:23	And they also, if they abide not still in unbelief, shall be graffed in: for God is able to graff them in again.
Romans 11:24	For if thou wert cut out of the olive tree which is wild by nature, and wert graffed contrary to nature into a good olive tree: how much more shall these, which be the natural branches, be graffed into their own olive tree?
Romans 11:25	For I would not, brethren, that ye should be ignorant of this mystery, lest ye should be wise in your own conceits; that blindness in part is happened to Israel, until the fulness of the Gentiles be come in.
Romans 11:26	And so all Israel shall be saved: as it is written, There shall come out of Sion the Deliverer, and shall turn away ungodliness from Jacob:
Romans 11:27	For this is my covenant unto them, when I shall take away their sins.
Romans 11:28	As concerning the gospel, they are enemies for your sakes: but as touching the election, they are beloved for the father's sakes.
Romans 11:29	For the gifts and calling of God are without repentance.
Romans 11:30	For as ye in times past have not believed God, yet have now obtained mercy through their unbelief:
Romans 11:31	Even so have these also now not believed, that through your mercy they also may obtain mercy.
Romans 11:32	For God hath concluded them all in unbelief, that he might have mercy upon all.
Romans 11:33	O the depth of the riches both of the wisdom and knowledge of God! how unsearchable are his judgments, and his ways past finding out!
Romans 11:34	For who hath known the mind of the Lord? or who hath been his counsellor?
Romans 11:35	Or who hath first given to him, and it shall be recompensed unto him again?
Romans 11:36	For of him, and through him, and to him, are all things: to whom be glory for ever. Amen.
Romans 12:1	I beseech you therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, that ye present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, which is your reasonable service.
Romans 12:2	And be not conformed to this world: but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind, that ye may prove what is that good, and acceptable, and perfect, will of God.
Romans 12:3	For I say, through the grace given unto me, to every man that is among you, not to think of himself more highly than he ought to think; but to think soberly, according as God hath dealt to every man the measure of faith.
Romans 12:4	For as we have many members in one body, and all members have not the same office:
Romans 12:5	So we, being many, are one body in Christ, and every one members one of another.
