John 7:23	If a man on the sabbath day receive circumcision, that the law of Moses should not be broken; are ye angry at me, because I have made a man every whit whole on the sabbath day?
John 7:24	Judge not according to the appearance, but judge righteous judgment.
John 7:25	Then said some of them of Jerusalem, Is not this he, whom they seek to kill?
John 7:26	But, lo, he speaketh boldly, and they say nothing unto him. Do the rulers know indeed that this is the very Christ?
John 7:27	Howbeit we know this man whence he is: but when Christ cometh, no man knoweth whence he is.
John 7:28	Then cried Jesus in the temple as he taught, saying, Ye both know me, and ye know whence I am: and I am not come of myself, but he that sent me is true, whom ye know not.
John 7:29	But I know him: for I am from him, and he hath sent me.
John 7:30	Then they sought to take him: but no man laid hands on him, because his hour was not yet come.
John 7:31	And many of the people believed on him, and said, When Christ cometh, will he do more miracles than these which this man hath done?
John 7:32	The Pharisees heard that the people murmured such things concerning him; and the Pharisees and the chief priests sent officers to take him.
John 7:33	Then said Jesus unto them, Yet a little while am I with you, and then I go unto him that sent me.
John 7:34	Ye shall seek me, and shall not find me: and where I am, thither ye cannot come.
John 7:35	Then said the Jews among themselves, Whither will he go, that we shall not find him? will he go unto the dispersed among the Gentiles, and teach the Gentiles?
John 7:36	What manner of saying is this that he said, Ye shall seek me, and shall not find me: and where I am, thither ye cannot come?
John 7:37	In the last day, that great day of the feast, Jesus stood and cried, saying, If any man thirst, let him come unto me, and drink.
John 7:38	He that believeth on me, as the scripture hath said, out of his belly shall flow rivers of living water.
John 7:39	(But this spake he of the Spirit, which they that believe on him should receive: for the Holy Ghost was not yet given; because that Jesus was not yet glorified.)
John 7:40	Many of the people therefore, when they heard this saying, said, Of a truth this is the Prophet.
John 7:41	Others said, This is the Christ. But some said, Shall Christ come out of Galilee?
John 7:42	Hath not the scripture said, That Christ cometh of the seed of David, and out of the town of Bethlehem, where David was?
John 7:43	So there was a division among the people because of him.
John 7:44	And some of them would have taken him; but no man laid hands on him.
John 7:45	Then came the officers to the chief priests and Pharisees; and they said unto them, Why have ye not brought him?
John 7:46	The officers answered, Never man spake like this man.
John 7:47	Then answered them the Pharisees, Are ye also deceived?
John 7:48	Have any of the rulers or of the Pharisees believed on him?
John 7:49	But this people who knoweth not the law are cursed.
John 7:50	Nicodemus saith unto them, (he that came to Jesus by night, being one of them,)
John 7:51	Doth our law judge any man, before it hear him, and know what he doeth?
John 7:52	They answered and said unto him, Art thou also of Galilee? Search, and look: for out of Galilee ariseth no prophet.
John 7:53	And every man went unto his own house.
John 8:1	Jesus went unto the mount of Olives.
John 8:2	And early in the morning he came again into the temple, and all the people came unto him; and he sat down, and taught them.
John 8:3	And the scribes and Pharisees brought unto him a woman taken in adultery; and when they had set her in the midst,
John 8:4	They say unto him, Master, this woman was taken in adultery, in the very act.
John 8:5	Now Moses in the law commanded us, that such should be stoned: but what sayest thou?
John 8:6	This they said, tempting him, that they might have to accuse him. But Jesus stooped down, and with his finger wrote on the ground, as though he heard them not.
John 8:7	So when they continued asking him, he lifted up himself, and said unto them, He that is without sin among you, let him first cast a stone at her.
John 8:8	And again he stooped down, and wrote on the ground.
John 8:9	And they which heard it, being convicted by their own conscience, went out one by one, beginning at the eldest, even unto the last: and Jesus was left alone, and the woman standing in the midst.
John 8:10	When Jesus had lifted up himself, and saw none but the woman, he said unto her, Woman, where are those thine accusers? hath no man condemned thee?
John 8:11	She said, No man, Lord. And Jesus said unto her, Neither do I condemn thee: go, and sin no more.
John 8:12	Then spake Jesus again unto them, saying, I am the light of the world: he that followeth me shall not walk in darkness, but shall have the light of life.
John 8:13	The Pharisees therefore said unto him, Thou bearest record of thyself; thy record is not true.
John 8:14	Jesus answered and said unto them, Though I bear record of myself, yet my record is true: for I know whence I came, and whither I go; but ye cannot tell whence I come, and whither I go.
John 8:15	Ye judge after the flesh; I judge no man.
John 8:16	And yet if I judge, my judgment is true: for I am not alone, but I and the Father that sent me.
John 8:17	It is also written in your law, that the testimony of two men is true.
John 8:18	I am one that bear witness of myself, and the Father that sent me beareth witness of me.
John 8:19	Then said they unto him, Where is thy Father? Jesus answered, Ye neither know me, nor my Father: if ye had known me, ye should have known my Father also.
