John 16:25	These things have I spoken unto you in proverbs: but the time cometh, when I shall no more speak unto you in proverbs, but I shall shew you plainly of the Father.
John 16:26	At that day ye shall ask in my name: and I say not unto you, that I will pray the Father for you:
John 16:27	For the Father himself loveth you, because ye have loved me, and have believed that I came out from God.
John 16:28	I came forth from the Father, and am come into the world: again, I leave the world, and go to the Father.
John 16:29	His disciples said unto him, Lo, now speakest thou plainly, and speakest no proverb.
John 16:30	Now are we sure that thou knowest all things, and needest not that any man should ask thee: by this we believe that thou camest forth from God.
John 16:31	Jesus answered them, Do ye now believe?
John 16:32	Behold, the hour cometh, yea, is now come, that ye shall be scattered, every man to his own, and shall leave me alone: and yet I am not alone, because the Father is with me.
John 16:33	These things I have spoken unto you, that in me ye might have peace. In the world ye shall have tribulation: but be of good cheer; I have overcome the world.
John 17:1	These words spake Jesus, and lifted up his eyes to heaven, and said, Father, the hour is come; glorify thy Son, that thy Son also may glorify thee:
John 17:2	As thou hast given him power over all flesh, that he should give eternal life to as many as thou hast given him.
John 17:3	And this is life eternal, that they might know thee the only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast sent.
John 17:4	I have glorified thee on the earth: I have finished the work which thou gavest me to do.
John 17:5	And now, O Father, glorify thou me with thine own self with the glory which I had with thee before the world was.
John 17:6	I have manifested thy name unto the men which thou gavest me out of the world: thine they were, and thou gavest them me; and they have kept thy word.
John 17:7	Now they have known that all things whatsoever thou hast given me are of thee.
John 17:8	For I have given unto them the words which thou gavest me; and they have received them, and have known surely that I came out from thee, and they have believed that thou didst send me.
John 17:9	I pray for them: I pray not for the world, but for them which thou hast given me; for they are thine.
John 17:10	And all mine are thine, and thine are mine; and I am glorified in them.
John 17:11	And now I am no more in the world, but these are in the world, and I come to thee. Holy Father, keep through thine own name those whom thou hast given me, that they may be one, as we are.
John 17:12	While I was with them in the world, I kept them in thy name: those that thou gavest me I have kept, and none of them is lost, but the son of perdition; that the scripture might be fulfilled.
John 17:13	And now come I to thee; and these things I speak in the world, that they might have my joy fulfilled in themselves.
John 17:14	I have given them thy word; and the world hath hated them, because they are not of the world, even as I am not of the world.
John 17:15	I pray not that thou shouldest take them out of the world, but that thou shouldest keep them from the evil.
John 17:16	They are not of the world, even as I am not of the world.
John 17:17	Sanctify them through thy truth: thy word is truth.
John 17:18	As thou hast sent me into the world, even so have I also sent them into the world.
John 17:19	And for their sakes I sanctify myself, that they also might be sanctified through the truth.
John 17:20	Neither pray I for these alone, but for them also which shall believe on me through their word;
John 17:21	That they all may be one; as thou, Father, art in me, and I in thee, that they also may be one in us: that the world may believe that thou hast sent me.
John 17:22	And the glory which thou gavest me I have given them; that they may be one, even as we are one:
John 17:23	I in them, and thou in me, that they may be made perfect in one; and that the world may know that thou hast sent me, and hast loved them, as thou hast loved me.
John 17:24	Father, I will that they also, whom thou hast given me, be with me where I am; that they may behold my glory, which thou hast given me: for thou lovedst me before the foundation of the world.
John 17:25	O righteous Father, the world hath not known thee: but I have known thee, and these have known that thou hast sent me.
John 17:26	And I have declared unto them thy name, and will declare it: that the love wherewith thou hast loved me may be in them, and I in them.
John 18:1	When Jesus had spoken these words, he went forth with his disciples over the brook Cedron, where was a garden, into the which he entered, and his disciples.
John 18:2	And Judas also, which betrayed him, knew the place: for Jesus ofttimes resorted thither with his disciples.
John 18:3	Judas then, having received a band of men and officers from the chief priests and Pharisees, cometh thither with lanterns and torches and weapons.
John 18:4	Jesus therefore, knowing all things that should come upon him, went forth, and said unto them, Whom seek ye?
John 18:5	They answered him, Jesus of Nazareth. Jesus saith unto them, I am he. And Judas also, which betrayed him, stood with them.
John 18:6	As soon then as he had said unto them, I am he, they went backward, and fell to the ground.
John 18:7	Then asked he them again, Whom seek ye? And they said, Jesus of Nazareth.
John 18:8	Jesus answered, I have told you that I am he: if therefore ye seek me, let these go their way:
John 18:9	That the saying might be fulfilled, which he spake, Of them which thou gavest me have I lost none.
John 18:10	Then Simon Peter having a sword drew it, and smote the high priest's servant, and cut off his right ear. The servant's name was Malchus.
John 18:11	Then said Jesus unto Peter, Put up thy sword into the sheath: the cup which my Father hath given me, shall I not drink it?
John 18:12	Then the band and the captain and officers of the Jews took Jesus, and bound him,
John 18:13	And led him away to Annas first; for he was father in law to Caiaphas, which was the high priest that same year.
John 18:14	Now Caiaphas was he, which gave counsel to the Jews, that it was expedient that one man should die for the people.
John 18:15	And Simon Peter followed Jesus, and so did another disciple: that disciple was known unto the high priest, and went in with Jesus into the palace of the high priest.
