John 19:26	When Jesus therefore saw his mother, and the disciple standing by, whom he loved, he saith unto his mother, Woman, behold thy son!
John 19:27	Then saith he to the disciple, Behold thy mother! And from that hour that disciple took her unto his own home.
John 19:28	After this, Jesus knowing that all things were now accomplished, that the scripture might be fulfilled, saith, I thirst.
John 19:29	Now there was set a vessel full of vinegar: and they filled a spunge with vinegar, and put it upon hyssop, and put it to his mouth.
John 19:30	When Jesus therefore had received the vinegar, he said, It is finished: and he bowed his head, and gave up the ghost.
John 19:31	The Jews therefore, because it was the preparation, that the bodies should not remain upon the cross on the sabbath day, (for that sabbath day was an high day,) besought Pilate that their legs might be broken, and that they might be taken away.
John 19:32	Then came the soldiers, and brake the legs of the first, and of the other which was crucified with him.
John 19:33	But when they came to Jesus, and saw that he was dead already, they brake not his legs:
John 19:34	But one of the soldiers with a spear pierced his side, and forthwith came there out blood and water.
John 19:35	And he that saw it bare record, and his record is true: and he knoweth that he saith true, that ye might believe.
John 19:36	For these things were done, that the scripture should be fulfilled, A bone of him shall not be broken.
John 19:37	And again another scripture saith, They shall look on him whom they pierced.
John 19:38	And after this Joseph of Arimathaea, being a disciple of Jesus, but secretly for fear of the Jews, besought Pilate that he might take away the body of Jesus: and Pilate gave him leave. He came therefore, and took the body of Jesus.
John 19:39	And there came also Nicodemus, which at the first came to Jesus by night, and brought a mixture of myrrh and aloes, about an hundred pound weight.
John 19:40	Then took they the body of Jesus, and wound it in linen clothes with the spices, as the manner of the Jews is to bury.
John 19:41	Now in the place where he was crucified there was a garden; and in the garden a new sepulchre, wherein was never man yet laid.
John 19:42	There laid they Jesus therefore because of the Jews' preparation day; for the sepulchre was nigh at hand.
John 20:1	The first day of the week cometh Mary Magdalene early, when it was yet dark, unto the sepulchre, and seeth the stone taken away from the sepulchre.
John 20:2	Then she runneth, and cometh to Simon Peter, and to the other disciple, whom Jesus loved, and saith unto them, They have taken away the LORD out of the sepulchre, and we know not where they have laid him.
John 20:3	Peter therefore went forth, and that other disciple, and came to the sepulchre.
John 20:4	So they ran both together: and the other disciple did outrun Peter, and came first to the sepulchre.
John 20:5	And he stooping down, and looking in, saw the linen clothes lying; yet went he not in.
John 20:6	Then cometh Simon Peter following him, and went into the sepulchre, and seeth the linen clothes lie,
John 20:7	And the napkin, that was about his head, not lying with the linen clothes, but wrapped together in a place by itself.
John 20:8	Then went in also that other disciple, which came first to the sepulchre, and he saw, and believed.
John 20:9	For as yet they knew not the scripture, that he must rise again from the dead.
John 20:10	Then the disciples went away again unto their own home.
John 20:11	But Mary stood without at the sepulchre weeping: and as she wept, she stooped down, and looked into the sepulchre,
John 20:12	And seeth two angels in white sitting, the one at the head, and the other at the feet, where the body of Jesus had lain.
John 20:13	And they say unto her, Woman, why weepest thou? She saith unto them, Because they have taken away my LORD, and I know not where they have laid him.
John 20:14	And when she had thus said, she turned herself back, and saw Jesus standing, and knew not that it was Jesus.
John 20:15	Jesus saith unto her, Woman, why weepest thou? whom seekest thou? She, supposing him to be the gardener, saith unto him, Sir, if thou have borne him hence, tell me where thou hast laid him, and I will take him away.
John 20:16	Jesus saith unto her, Mary. She turned herself, and saith unto him, Rabboni; which is to say, Master.
John 20:17	Jesus saith unto her, Touch me not; for I am not yet ascended to my Father: but go to my brethren, and say unto them, I ascend unto my Father, and your Father; and to my God, and your God.
John 20:18	Mary Magdalene came and told the disciples that she had seen the LORD, and that he had spoken these things unto her.
John 20:19	Then the same day at evening, being the first day of the week, when the doors were shut where the disciples were assembled for fear of the Jews, came Jesus and stood in the midst, and saith unto them, Peace be unto you.
John 20:20	And when he had so said, he shewed unto them his hands and his side. Then were the disciples glad, when they saw the LORD.
John 20:21	Then said Jesus to them again, Peace be unto you: as my Father hath sent me, even so send I you.
John 20:22	And when he had said this, he breathed on them, and saith unto them, Receive ye the Holy Ghost:
John 20:23	Whose soever sins ye remit, they are remitted unto them; and whose soever sins ye retain, they are retained.
John 20:24	But Thomas, one of the twelve, called Didymus, was not with them when Jesus came.
John 20:25	The other disciples therefore said unto him, We have seen the LORD. But he said unto them, Except I shall see in his hands the print of the nails, and put my finger into the print of the nails, and thrust my hand into his side, I will not believe.
John 20:26	And after eight days again his disciples were within, and Thomas with them: then came Jesus, the doors being shut, and stood in the midst, and said, Peace be unto you.
John 20:27	Then saith he to Thomas, Reach hither thy finger, and behold my hands; and reach hither thy hand, and thrust it into my side: and be not faithless, but believing.
John 20:28	And Thomas answered and said unto him, My LORD and my God.
John 20:29	Jesus saith unto him, Thomas, because thou hast seen me, thou hast believed: blessed are they that have not seen, and yet have believed.
John 20:30	And many other signs truly did Jesus in the presence of his disciples, which are not written in this book:
John 20:31	But these are written, that ye might believe that Jesus is the Christ, the Son of God; and that believing ye might have life through his name.
John 21:1	After these things Jesus shewed himself again to the disciples at the sea of Tiberias; and on this wise shewed he himself.
John 21:2	There were together Simon Peter, and Thomas called Didymus, and Nathanael of Cana in Galilee, and the sons of Zebedee, and two other of his disciples.
