John 13:21	When Jesus had thus said, he was troubled in spirit, and testified, and said, Verily, verily, I say unto you, that one of you shall betray me.
John 13:22	Then the disciples looked one on another, doubting of whom he spake.
John 13:23	Now there was leaning on Jesus' bosom one of his disciples, whom Jesus loved.
John 13:24	Simon Peter therefore beckoned to him, that he should ask who it should be of whom he spake.
John 13:25	He then lying on Jesus' breast saith unto him, Lord, who is it?
John 13:26	Jesus answered, He it is, to whom I shall give a sop, when I have dipped it. And when he had dipped the sop, he gave it to Judas Iscariot, the son of Simon.
John 13:27	And after the sop Satan entered into him. Then said Jesus unto him, That thou doest, do quickly.
John 13:28	Now no man at the table knew for what intent he spake this unto him.
John 13:29	For some of them thought, because Judas had the bag, that Jesus had said unto him, Buy those things that we have need of against the feast; or, that he should give something to the poor.
John 13:30	He then having received the sop went immediately out: and it was night.
John 13:31	Therefore, when he was gone out, Jesus said, Now is the Son of man glorified, and God is glorified in him.
John 13:32	If God be glorified in him, God shall also glorify him in himself, and shall straightway glorify him.
John 13:33	Little children, yet a little while I am with you. Ye shall seek me: and as I said unto the Jews, Whither I go, ye cannot come; so now I say to you.
John 13:34	A new commandment I give unto you, That ye love one another; as I have loved you, that ye also love one another.
John 13:35	By this shall all men know that ye are my disciples, if ye have love one to another.
John 13:36	Simon Peter said unto him, Lord, whither goest thou? Jesus answered him, Whither I go, thou canst not follow me now; but thou shalt follow me afterwards.
John 13:37	Peter said unto him, Lord, why cannot I follow thee now? I will lay down my life for thy sake.
John 13:38	Jesus answered him, Wilt thou lay down thy life for my sake? Verily, verily, I say unto thee, The cock shall not crow, till thou hast denied me thrice.
John 14:1	Let not your heart be troubled: ye believe in God, believe also in me.
John 14:2	In my Father's house are many mansions: if it were not so, I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you.
John 14:3	And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again, and receive you unto myself; that where I am, there ye may be also.
John 14:4	And whither I go ye know, and the way ye know.
John 14:5	Thomas saith unto him, Lord, we know not whither thou goest; and how can we know the way?
John 14:6	Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.
John 14:7	If ye had known me, ye should have known my Father also: and from henceforth ye know him, and have seen him.
John 14:8	Philip saith unto him, Lord, shew us the Father, and it sufficeth us.
John 14:9	Jesus saith unto him, Have I been so long time with you, and yet hast thou not known me, Philip? he that hath seen me hath seen the Father; and how sayest thou then, Shew us the Father?
John 14:10	Believest thou not that I am in the Father, and the Father in me? the words that I speak unto you I speak not of myself: but the Father that dwelleth in me, he doeth the works.
John 14:11	Believe me that I am in the Father, and the Father in me: or else believe me for the very works' sake.
John 14:12	Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.
John 14:13	And whatsoever ye shall ask in my name, that will I do, that the Father may be glorified in the Son.
John 14:14	If ye shall ask any thing in my name, I will do it.
John 14:15	If ye love me, keep my commandments.
John 14:16	And I will pray the Father, and he shall give you another Comforter, that he may abide with you for ever;
John 14:17	Even the Spirit of truth; whom the world cannot receive, because it seeth him not, neither knoweth him: but ye know him; for he dwelleth with you, and shall be in you.
John 14:18	I will not leave you comfortless: I will come to you.
John 14:19	Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also.
John 14:20	At that day ye shall know that I am in my Father, and ye in me, and I in you.
John 14:21	He that hath my commandments, and keepeth them, he it is that loveth me: and he that loveth me shall be loved of my Father, and I will love him, and will manifest myself to him.
John 14:22	Judas saith unto him, not Iscariot, Lord, how is it that thou wilt manifest thyself unto us, and not unto the world?
John 14:23	Jesus answered and said unto him, If a man love me, he will keep my words: and my Father will love him, and we will come unto him, and make our abode with him.
John 14:24	He that loveth me not keepeth not my sayings: and the word which ye hear is not mine, but the Father's which sent me.
John 14:25	These things have I spoken unto you, being yet present with you.
John 14:26	But the Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, he shall teach you all things, and bring all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I have said unto you.
John 14:27	Peace I leave with you, my peace I give unto you: not as the world giveth, give I unto you. Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid.
John 14:28	Ye have heard how I said unto you, I go away, and come again unto you. If ye loved me, ye would rejoice, because I said, I go unto the Father: for my Father is greater than I.
John 14:29	And now I have told you before it come to pass, that, when it is come to pass, ye might believe.
John 14:30	Hereafter I will not talk much with you: for the prince of this world cometh, and hath nothing in me.
John 14:31	But that the world may know that I love the Father; and as the Father gave me commandment, even so I do. Arise, let us go hence.
John 15:1	I am the true vine, and my Father is the husbandman.
