James 2:8	If ye fulfil the royal law according to the scripture, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself, ye do well:
James 2:9	But if ye have respect to persons, ye commit sin, and are convinced of the law as transgressors.
James 2:10	For whosoever shall keep the whole law, and yet offend in one point, he is guilty of all.
James 2:11	For he that said, Do not commit adultery, said also, Do not kill. Now if thou commit no adultery, yet if thou kill, thou art become a transgressor of the law.
James 2:12	So speak ye, and so do, as they that shall be judged by the law of liberty.
James 2:13	For he shall have judgment without mercy, that hath shewed no mercy; and mercy rejoiceth against judgment.
James 2:14	What doth it profit, my brethren, though a man say he hath faith, and have not works? can faith save him?
James 2:15	If a brother or sister be naked, and destitute of daily food,
James 2:16	And one of you say unto them, Depart in peace, be ye warmed and filled; notwithstanding ye give them not those things which are needful to the body; what doth it profit?
James 2:17	Even so faith, if it hath not works, is dead, being alone.
James 2:18	Yea, a man may say, Thou hast faith, and I have works: shew me thy faith without thy works, and I will shew thee my faith by my works.
James 2:19	Thou believest that there is one God; thou doest well: the devils also believe, and tremble.
James 2:20	But wilt thou know, O vain man, that faith without works is dead?
James 2:21	Was not Abraham our father justified by works, when he had offered Isaac his son upon the altar?
James 2:22	Seest thou how faith wrought with his works, and by works was faith made perfect?
James 2:23	And the scripture was fulfilled which saith, Abraham believed God, and it was imputed unto him for righteousness: and he was called the Friend of God.
James 2:24	Ye see then how that by works a man is justified, and not by faith only.
James 2:25	Likewise also was not Rahab the harlot justified by works, when she had received the messengers, and had sent them out another way?
James 2:26	For as the body without the spirit is dead, so faith without works is dead also.
James 3:1	My brethren, be not many masters, knowing that we shall receive the greater condemnation.
James 3:2	For in many things we offend all. If any man offend not in word, the same is a perfect man, and able also to bridle the whole body.
James 3:3	Behold, we put bits in the horses' mouths, that they may obey us; and we turn about their whole body.
James 3:4	Behold also the ships, which though they be so great, and are driven of fierce winds, yet are they turned about with a very small helm, whithersoever the governor listeth.
James 3:5	Even so the tongue is a little member, and boasteth great things. Behold, how great a matter a little fire kindleth!
James 3:6	And the tongue is a fire, a world of iniquity: so is the tongue among our members, that it defileth the whole body, and setteth on fire the course of nature; and it is set on fire of hell.
James 3:7	For every kind of beasts, and of birds, and of serpents, and of things in the sea, is tamed, and hath been tamed of mankind:
James 3:8	But the tongue can no man tame; it is an unruly evil, full of deadly poison.
James 3:9	Therewith bless we God, even the Father; and therewith curse we men, which are made after the similitude of God.
James 3:10	Out of the same mouth proceedeth blessing and cursing. My brethren, these things ought not so to be.
James 3:11	Doth a fountain send forth at the same place sweet water and bitter?
James 3:12	Can the fig tree, my brethren, bear olive berries? either a vine, figs? so can no fountain both yield salt water and fresh.
James 3:13	Who is a wise man and endued with knowledge among you? let him shew out of a good conversation his works with meekness of wisdom.
James 3:14	But if ye have bitter envying and strife in your hearts, glory not, and lie not against the truth.
James 3:15	This wisdom descendeth not from above, but is earthly, sensual, devilish.
James 3:16	For where envying and strife is, there is confusion and every evil work.
James 3:17	But the wisdom that is from above is first pure, then peaceable, gentle, and easy to be intreated, full of mercy and good fruits, without partiality, and without hypocrisy.
James 3:18	And the fruit of righteousness is sown in peace of them that make peace.
James 4:1	From whence come wars and fightings among you? come they not hence, even of your lusts that war in your members?
James 4:2	Ye lust, and have not: ye kill, and desire to have, and cannot obtain: ye fight and war, yet ye have not, because ye ask not.
James 4:3	Ye ask, and receive not, because ye ask amiss, that ye may consume it upon your lusts.
James 4:4	Ye adulterers and adulteresses, know ye not that the friendship of the world is enmity with God? whosoever therefore will be a friend of the world is the enemy of God.
James 4:5	Do ye think that the scripture saith in vain, The spirit that dwelleth in us lusteth to envy?
James 4:6	But he giveth more grace. Wherefore he saith, God resisteth the proud, but giveth grace unto the humble.
James 4:7	Submit yourselves therefore to God. Resist the devil, and he will flee from you.
James 4:8	Draw nigh to God, and he will draw nigh to you. Cleanse your hands, ye sinners; and purify your hearts, ye double minded.
James 4:9	Be afflicted, and mourn, and weep: let your laughter be turned to mourning, and your joy to heaviness.
James 4:10	Humble yourselves in the sight of the Lord, and he shall lift you up.
James 4:11	Speak not evil one of another, brethren. He that speaketh evil of his brother, and judgeth his brother, speaketh evil of the law, and judgeth the law: but if thou judge the law, thou art not a doer of the law, but a judge.
James 4:12	There is one lawgiver, who is able to save and to destroy: who art thou that judgest another?
James 4:13	Go to now, ye that say, To day or to morrow we will go into such a city, and continue there a year, and buy and sell, and get gain:
