1 Peter 4:5	Who shall give account to him that is ready to judge the quick and the dead.
1 Peter 4:6	For for this cause was the gospel preached also to them that are dead, that they might be judged according to men in the flesh, but live according to God in the spirit.
1 Peter 4:7	But the end of all things is at hand: be ye therefore sober, and watch unto prayer.
1 Peter 4:8	And above all things have fervent charity among yourselves: for charity shall cover the multitude of sins.
1 Peter 4:9	Use hospitality one to another without grudging.
1 Peter 4:10	As every man hath received the gift, even so minister the same one to another, as good stewards of the manifold grace of God.
1 Peter 4:11	If any man speak, let him speak as the oracles of God; if any man minister, let him do it as of the ability which God giveth: that God in all things may be glorified through Jesus Christ, to whom be praise and dominion for ever and ever. Amen.
1 Peter 4:12	Beloved, think it not strange concerning the fiery trial which is to try you, as though some strange thing happened unto you:
1 Peter 4:13	But rejoice, inasmuch as ye are partakers of Christ's sufferings; that, when his glory shall be revealed, ye may be glad also with exceeding joy.
1 Peter 4:14	If ye be reproached for the name of Christ, happy are ye; for the spirit of glory and of God resteth upon you: on their part he is evil spoken of, but on your part he is glorified.
1 Peter 4:15	But let none of you suffer as a murderer, or as a thief, or as an evildoer, or as a busybody in other men's matters.
1 Peter 4:16	Yet if any man suffer as a Christian, let him not be ashamed; but let him glorify God on this behalf.
1 Peter 4:17	For the time is come that judgment must begin at the house of God: and if it first begin at us, what shall the end be of them that obey not the gospel of God?
1 Peter 4:18	And if the righteous scarcely be saved, where shall the ungodly and the sinner appear?
1 Peter 4:19	Wherefore let them that suffer according to the will of God commit the keeping of their souls to him in well doing, as unto a faithful Creator.
1 Peter 5:1	The elders which are among you I exhort, who am also an elder, and a witness of the sufferings of Christ, and also a partaker of the glory that shall be revealed:
1 Peter 5:2	Feed the flock of God which is among you, taking the oversight thereof, not by constraint, but willingly; not for filthy lucre, but of a ready mind;
1 Peter 5:3	Neither as being lords over God's heritage, but being ensamples to the flock.
1 Peter 5:4	And when the chief Shepherd shall appear, ye shall receive a crown of glory that fadeth not away.
1 Peter 5:5	Likewise, ye younger, submit yourselves unto the elder. Yea, all of you be subject one to another, and be clothed with humility: for God resisteth the proud, and giveth grace to the humble.
1 Peter 5:6	Humble yourselves therefore under the mighty hand of God, that he may exalt you in due time:
1 Peter 5:7	Casting all your care upon him; for he careth for you.
1 Peter 5:8	Be sober, be vigilant; because your adversary the devil, as a roaring lion, walketh about, seeking whom he may devour:
1 Peter 5:9	Whom resist stedfast in the faith, knowing that the same afflictions are accomplished in your brethren that are in the world.
1 Peter 5:10	But the God of all grace, who hath called us unto his eternal glory by Christ Jesus, after that ye have suffered a while, make you perfect, stablish, strengthen, settle you.
1 Peter 5:11	To him be glory and dominion for ever and ever. Amen.
1 Peter 5:12	By Silvanus, a faithful brother unto you, as I suppose, I have written briefly, exhorting, and testifying that this is the true grace of God wherein ye stand.
1 Peter 5:13	The church that is at Babylon, elected together with you, saluteth you; and so doth Marcus my son.
1 Peter 5:14	Greet ye one another with a kiss of charity. Peace be with you all that are in Christ Jesus. Amen.
2 Peter 1:1	Simon Peter, a servant and an apostle of Jesus Christ, to them that have obtained like precious faith with us through the righteousness of God and our Saviour Jesus Christ:
2 Peter 1:2	Grace and peace be multiplied unto you through the knowledge of God, and of Jesus our Lord,
2 Peter 1:3	According as his divine power hath given unto us all things that pertain unto life and godliness, through the knowledge of him that hath called us to glory and virtue:
2 Peter 1:4	Whereby are given unto us exceeding great and precious promises: that by these ye might be partakers of the divine nature, having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust.
2 Peter 1:5	And beside this, giving all diligence, add to your faith virtue; and to virtue knowledge;
2 Peter 1:6	And to knowledge temperance; and to temperance patience; and to patience godliness;
2 Peter 1:7	And to godliness brotherly kindness; and to brotherly kindness charity.
2 Peter 1:8	For if these things be in you, and abound, they make you that ye shall neither be barren nor unfruitful in the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ.
2 Peter 1:9	But he that lacketh these things is blind, and cannot see afar off, and hath forgotten that he was purged from his old sins.
2 Peter 1:10	Wherefore the rather, brethren, give diligence to make your calling and election sure: for if ye do these things, ye shall never fall:
2 Peter 1:11	For so an entrance shall be ministered unto you abundantly into the everlasting kingdom of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ.
2 Peter 1:12	Wherefore I will not be negligent to put you always in remembrance of these things, though ye know them, and be established in the present truth.
2 Peter 1:13	Yea, I think it meet, as long as I am in this tabernacle, to stir you up by putting you in remembrance;
2 Peter 1:14	Knowing that shortly I must put off this my tabernacle, even as our Lord Jesus Christ hath shewed me.
2 Peter 1:15	Moreover I will endeavour that ye may be able after my decease to have these things always in remembrance.
2 Peter 1:16	For we have not followed cunningly devised fables, when we made known unto you the power and coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, but were eyewitnesses of his majesty.
2 Peter 1:17	For he received from God the Father honour and glory, when there came such a voice to him from the excellent glory, This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased.
2 Peter 1:18	And this voice which came from heaven we heard, when we were with him in the holy mount.
2 Peter 1:19	We have also a more sure word of prophecy; whereunto ye do well that ye take heed, as unto a light that shineth in a dark place, until the day dawn, and the day star arise in your hearts:
2 Peter 1:20	Knowing this first, that no prophecy of the scripture is of any private interpretation.
2 Peter 1:21	For the prophecy came not in old time by the will of man: but holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost.
