1 John 3:22	And whatsoever we ask, we receive of him, because we keep his commandments, and do those things that are pleasing in his sight.
1 John 3:23	And this is his commandment, That we should believe on the name of his Son Jesus Christ, and love one another, as he gave us commandment.
1 John 3:24	And he that keepeth his commandments dwelleth in him, and he in him. And hereby we know that he abideth in us, by the Spirit which he hath given us.
1 John 4:1	Beloved, believe not every spirit, but try the spirits whether they are of God: because many false prophets are gone out into the world.
1 John 4:2	Hereby know ye the Spirit of God: Every spirit that confesseth that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is of God:
1 John 4:3	And every spirit that confesseth not that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is not of God: and this is that spirit of antichrist, whereof ye have heard that it should come; and even now already is it in the world.
1 John 4:4	Ye are of God, little children, and have overcome them: because greater is he that is in you, than he that is in the world.
1 John 4:5	They are of the world: therefore speak they of the world, and the world heareth them.
1 John 4:6	We are of God: he that knoweth God heareth us; he that is not of God heareth not us. Hereby know we the spirit of truth, and the spirit of error.
1 John 4:7	Beloved, let us love one another: for love is of God; and every one that loveth is born of God, and knoweth God.
1 John 4:8	He that loveth not knoweth not God; for God is love.
1 John 4:9	In this was manifested the love of God toward us, because that God sent his only begotten Son into the world, that we might live through him.
1 John 4:10	Herein is love, not that we loved God, but that he loved us, and sent his Son to be the propitiation for our sins.
1 John 4:11	Beloved, if God so loved us, we ought also to love one another.
1 John 4:12	No man hath seen God at any time. If we love one another, God dwelleth in us, and his love is perfected in us.
1 John 4:13	Hereby know we that we dwell in him, and he in us, because he hath given us of his Spirit.
1 John 4:14	And we have seen and do testify that the Father sent the Son to be the Saviour of the world.
1 John 4:15	Whosoever shall confess that Jesus is the Son of God, God dwelleth in him, and he in God.
1 John 4:16	And we have known and believed the love that God hath to us. God is love; and he that dwelleth in love dwelleth in God, and God in him.
1 John 4:17	Herein is our love made perfect, that we may have boldness in the day of judgment: because as he is, so are we in this world.
1 John 4:18	There is no fear in love; but perfect love casteth out fear: because fear hath torment. He that feareth is not made perfect in love.
1 John 4:19	We love him, because he first loved us.
1 John 4:20	If a man say, I love God, and hateth his brother, he is a liar: for he that loveth not his brother whom he hath seen, how can he love God whom he hath not seen?
1 John 4:21	And this commandment have we from him, That he who loveth God love his brother also.
1 John 5:1	Whosoever believeth that Jesus is the Christ is born of God: and every one that loveth him that begat loveth him also that is begotten of him.
1 John 5:2	By this we know that we love the children of God, when we love God, and keep his commandments.
1 John 5:3	For this is the love of God, that we keep his commandments: and his commandments are not grievous.
1 John 5:4	For whatsoever is born of God overcometh the world: and this is the victory that overcometh the world, even our faith.
1 John 5:5	Who is he that overcometh the world, but he that believeth that Jesus is the Son of God?
1 John 5:6	This is he that came by water and blood, even Jesus Christ; not by water only, but by water and blood. And it is the Spirit that beareth witness, because the Spirit is truth.
1 John 5:7	For there are three that bear record in heaven, the Father, the Word, and the Holy Ghost: and these three are one.
1 John 5:8	And there are three that bear witness in earth, the Spirit, and the water, and the blood: and these three agree in one.
1 John 5:9	If we receive the witness of men, the witness of God is greater: for this is the witness of God which he hath testified of his Son.
1 John 5:10	He that believeth on the Son of God hath the witness in himself: he that believeth not God hath made him a liar; because he believeth not the record that God gave of his Son.
1 John 5:11	And this is the record, that God hath given to us eternal life, and this life is in his Son.
1 John 5:12	He that hath the Son hath life; and he that hath not the Son of God hath not life.
1 John 5:13	These things have I written unto you that believe on the name of the Son of God; that ye may know that ye have eternal life, and that ye may believe on the name of the Son of God.
1 John 5:14	And this is the confidence that we have in him, that, if we ask any thing according to his will, he heareth us:
1 John 5:15	And if we know that he hear us, whatsoever we ask, we know that we have the petitions that we desired of him.
1 John 5:16	If any man see his brother sin a sin which is not unto death, he shall ask, and he shall give him life for them that sin not unto death. There is a sin unto death: I do not say that he shall pray for it.
1 John 5:17	All unrighteousness is sin: and there is a sin not unto death.
1 John 5:18	We know that whosoever is born of God sinneth not; but he that is begotten of God keepeth himself, and that wicked one toucheth him not.
1 John 5:19	And we know that we are of God, and the whole world lieth in wickedness.
1 John 5:20	And we know that the Son of God is come, and hath given us an understanding, that we may know him that is true, and we are in him that is true, even in his Son Jesus Christ. This is the true God, and eternal life.
1 John 5:21	Little children, keep yourselves from idols. Amen.
2 John 1:1	The elder unto the elect lady and her children, whom I love in the truth; and not I only, but also all they that have known the truth;
2 John 1:2	For the truth's sake, which dwelleth in us, and shall be with us for ever.
2 John 1:3	Grace be with you, mercy, and peace, from God the Father, and from the Lord Jesus Christ, the Son of the Father, in truth and love.
2 John 1:4	I rejoiced greatly that I found of thy children walking in truth, as we have received a commandment from the Father.
2 John 1:5	And now I beseech thee, lady, not as though I wrote a new commandment unto thee, but that which we had from the beginning, that we love one another.
