Numbers 31:37	And the LORD's tribute of the sheep was six hundred and threescore and fifteen.
Numbers 31:38	And the beeves were thirty and six thousand; of which the LORD's tribute was threescore and twelve.
Numbers 31:39	And the asses were thirty thousand and five hundred; of which the LORD's tribute was threescore and one.
Numbers 31:40	And the persons were sixteen thousand; of which the LORD's tribute was thirty and two persons.
Numbers 31:41	And Moses gave the tribute, which was the LORD's heave offering, unto Eleazar the priest, as the LORD commanded Moses.
Numbers 31:42	And of the children of Israel's half, which Moses divided from the men that warred,
Numbers 31:43	(Now the half that pertained unto the congregation was three hundred thousand and thirty thousand and seven thousand and five hundred sheep,
Numbers 31:44	And thirty and six thousand beeves,
Numbers 31:45	And thirty thousand asses and five hundred,
Numbers 31:46	And sixteen thousand persons;)
Numbers 31:47	Even of the children of Israel's half, Moses took one portion of fifty, both of man and of beast, and gave them unto the Levites, which kept the charge of the tabernacle of the LORD; as the LORD commanded Moses.
Numbers 31:48	And the officers which were over thousands of the host, the captains of thousands, and captains of hundreds, came near unto Moses:
Numbers 31:49	And they said unto Moses, Thy servants have taken the sum of the men of war which are under our charge, and there lacketh not one man of us.
Numbers 31:50	We have therefore brought an oblation for the LORD, what every man hath gotten, of jewels of gold, chains, and bracelets, rings, earrings, and tablets, to make an atonement for our souls before the LORD.
Numbers 31:51	And Moses and Eleazar the priest took the gold of them, even all wrought jewels.
Numbers 31:52	And all the gold of the offering that they offered up to the LORD, of the captains of thousands, and of the captains of hundreds, was sixteen thousand seven hundred and fifty shekels.
Numbers 31:53	(For the men of war had taken spoil, every man for himself.)
Numbers 31:54	And Moses and Eleazar the priest took the gold of the captains of thousands and of hundreds, and brought it into the tabernacle of the congregation, for a memorial for the children of Israel before the LORD.
Numbers 32:1	Now the children of Reuben and the children of Gad had a very great multitude of cattle: and when they saw the land of Jazer, and the land of Gilead, that, behold, the place was a place for cattle;
Numbers 32:2	The children of Gad and the children of Reuben came and spake unto Moses, and to Eleazar the priest, and unto the princes of the congregation, saying,
Numbers 32:3	Ataroth, and Dibon, and Jazer, and Nimrah, and Heshbon, and Elealeh, and Shebam, and Nebo, and Beon,
Numbers 32:4	Even the country which the LORD smote before the congregation of Israel, is a land for cattle, and thy servants have cattle:
Numbers 32:5	Wherefore, said they, if we have found grace in thy sight, let this land be given unto thy servants for a possession, and bring us not over Jordan.
Numbers 32:6	And Moses said unto the children of Gad and to the children of Reuben, Shall your brethren go to war, and shall ye sit here?
Numbers 32:7	And wherefore discourage ye the heart of the children of Israel from going over into the land which the LORD hath given them?
Numbers 32:8	Thus did your fathers, when I sent them from Kadeshbarnea to see the land.
Numbers 32:9	For when they went up unto the valley of Eshcol, and saw the land, they discouraged the heart of the children of Israel, that they should not go into the land which the LORD had given them.
Numbers 32:10	And the LORD's anger was kindled the same time, and he sware, saying,
Numbers 32:11	Surely none of the men that came up out of Egypt, from twenty years old and upward, shall see the land which I sware unto Abraham, unto Isaac, and unto Jacob; because they have not wholly followed me:
Numbers 32:12	Save Caleb the son of Jephunneh the Kenezite, and Joshua the son of Nun: for they have wholly followed the LORD.
Numbers 32:13	And the LORD's anger was kindled against Israel, and he made them wander in the wilderness forty years, until all the generation, that had done evil in the sight of the LORD, was consumed.
Numbers 32:14	And, behold, ye are risen up in your fathers' stead, an increase of sinful men, to augment yet the fierce anger of the LORD toward Israel.
Numbers 32:15	For if ye turn away from after him, he will yet again leave them in the wilderness; and ye shall destroy all this people.
Numbers 32:16	And they came near unto him, and said, We will build sheepfolds here for our cattle, and cities for our little ones:
Numbers 32:17	But we ourselves will go ready armed before the children of Israel, until we have brought them unto their place: and our little ones shall dwell in the fenced cities because of the inhabitants of the land.
Numbers 32:18	We will not return unto our houses, until the children of Israel have inherited every man his inheritance.
Numbers 32:19	For we will not inherit with them on yonder side Jordan, or forward; because our inheritance is fallen to us on this side Jordan eastward.
Numbers 32:20	And Moses said unto them, If ye will do this thing, if ye will go armed before the LORD to war,
Numbers 32:21	And will go all of you armed over Jordan before the LORD, until he hath driven out his enemies from before him,
Numbers 32:22	And the land be subdued before the LORD: then afterward ye shall return, and be guiltless before the LORD, and before Israel; and this land shall be your possession before the LORD.
Numbers 32:23	But if ye will not do so, behold, ye have sinned against the LORD: and be sure your sin will find you out.
Numbers 32:24	Build you cities for your little ones, and folds for your sheep; and do that which hath proceeded out of your mouth.
Numbers 32:25	And the children of Gad and the children of Reuben spake unto Moses, saying, Thy servants will do as my lord commandeth.
Numbers 32:26	Our little ones, our wives, our flocks, and all our cattle, shall be there in the cities of Gilead:
Numbers 32:27	But thy servants will pass over, every man armed for war, before the Lord to battle, as my lord saith.
Numbers 32:28	So concerning them Moses commanded Eleazar the priest, and Joshua the son of Nun, and the chief fathers of the tribes of the children of Israel:
Numbers 32:29	And Moses said unto them, If the children of Gad and the children of Reuben will pass with you over Jordan, every man armed to battle, before the LORD, and the land shall be subdued before you; then ye shall give them the land of Gilead for a possession:
Numbers 32:30	But if they will not pass over with you armed, they shall have possessions among you in the land of Canaan.
Numbers 32:31	And the children of Gad and the children of Reuben answered, saying, As the LORD hath said unto thy servants, so will we do.
Numbers 32:32	We will pass over armed before the LORD into the land of Canaan, that the possession of our inheritance on this side Jordan may be ours.
