Geue alme# of thy good#, and turne neuer thy face from any Tob. 4.
poore man, and then the face of the Lord shall not be turned
away from thee. 
Tob. 4. Bee mercifull after thy power. If thou hast much giue
plenteously, if thou hast little, doe thy diligence gladly to giue
of that little, for so gatherest thou thy selfe a good reward in
the day of necessity.
Prou. 19. He that hath pity vpon the poore, lendeth vnto the Lord :
and looke what he layeth out: it shall be paid him againe.
Pſal. 41i. Blessed be the man that prouydeth for the sicke, and needie,
the Lorde shall deliuer him in the time of trouble.
¶ Then all the Church-wardens, or ſome other by them appoynted,
gather the deuotion of the people, and put the ſame into the poore mans
boxe, and vpon the offering dayes appointed, euery man and woman al pay
to the Curate the due and accuomed offerings. After whiche done, the
Prie al ſaie.
¶ Let v# pray for the whole state of Christ# Church militant
herein earth.
Imighty and euerliuing God, which by thy holy
Apostle hast taught v# to make prayer# and
supplication#, & to giue thank# for all men:
Wee humbly beseech thee moste mercifully (to
accept our almes and) to receiue these our prayer#
which we offer vnto thy Diuine Maiestie, beseeching thee to
inspire continually, the vniuersall Church with the spirit of
trueth, vnitie, and concord: and grant that all they that doe
confesse thy holy Name, may agree in the trueth of thy holy
word, and liue in vnitie and godly loue. We beseech thee also
to saue and defend all Christian King#, Prince#, and Gouernour#,
and specially thy seruaunt, Charles our King that vnder
him we may be godly and quietly gouerned: and graunt vnto
hi# whole Counsaile, and to all that be put in authoritie vnder
him, that they may truely and indifferently minister Justice, to
the punishement of wyckednesse and vice, and to the maintenance
of God# true Religion and vertue. Giue grace (O heauenly
Father) to all Bishop#, Pastour#, and Curate#, that
they may both by their life and doctrine set foorth thy true &
liuely word, and rightly and duely administer thy holy Sacrament#:
and to all thy people giue thy heauenly grace, and
specially to thi# Congregation hear present, that with meeke
If ther be no
almes giuen
to the poore
then all
the words (of
accepting our
almes) be left
out vnſaid. 
heart and due reuerence, they may heare & receiue thy holy
word, truely seruyng the in holinesse and rightuousne# all the
