ƒlanderers, and to turne theyr hearts.
Wee beſeech thee to heare vs good Lord.
That it may pleaƒe thee to giue and p°eƒerve to our vƒe the kindly
fruits of the earth, ƒo as in due time wee may enioy them.
We beſeech thee to heare vs good Lord.
That it may pleaƒe thee to giue vs true repentance, to fo°giue vs
all oure ƒinnes, negligences, and igno°ances, and to endue vs with
the grace of thy holy Spirit, to amend our liues acco°ding to thy
holy Word.
Wee beſeech thee to heare vs good Lord.
Sonne of God: wee beƒeech thee to heare vs.
Sonne of God: we beeſech thee to heare vs.
O Lambe of God, that take¥ away the ƒinnes of the world.
Grant vs thy peace.
O Lambe of God, that take¥ away the ƒinnes of the world. Have mercie upon us.
O Chri¥ heare vs. O Chri heare vs.
Lord haue mercy vpon vs.
 Lord haue mercy vpon vs. 
Chri¥ haue mercy vpon vs.
Chri haue mercy vpon vs.
Lord haue mercy vpon vs.
Lorde haue mercy vpon vs.
Our Father which art in heauen, &c.
And leade vs not into temptation.
But deliuer vs from euill. Amen.
The Verſicle.
O Lo°d deale not with vs after our ƒinnes.
Anſwere.
Neither reward vs after our iniquities.
¶ Let us pray.
 God mercifull Father, that deƒpiƒe¥ not the ƒighing
of a contrite heart, no° the deƒire of ƒuch as be
ƒo°rowfull, mercifully a±i¥ our p°ayers that wee
make befo°e thee, in all our troubles and aduerƒities,
whenƒoever they opp°e±e vs: and graciouƒly heare vs, that those euils, which the craft and ƒubtilty of the deuill, or
man worketh again¥ vs, be b°ought to naught, and by the p°ouidence
of thy goodne±e, they may be diƒperƒed, that we thy ser- uants, beyng hurt by no perƒecutions, may euermo°e giue thankes vnto thee, in thy holy Church, through Jesus Chri¥ our Lord.
O Lorde ariſe, helpe vs, and deliuer vs, for thy Names ſake.
O God, we haue heard with our eares, and oure fathers haue declared
vnto vs the noble wo°kes that thou didde¥ in their dayes, and
in the old time befo°e them.
 O Lord ariſe, helpe vs, and deliuer vs, for thine honour.
 Glory be to the Father, and to the Sonne : and to the holy Gho¥.
As it was in the begynning, is now, and euer ƒhall be, wo°ld
without end. Amen.
 From our enemies defend vs, O Chri¥.
Graciouſly looke vpon our affliions.
Pitifully behold the ƒo°rowes of our hearts.
Mercifully forgiue the ſinnes of thy people.
Fauourably with mercy heare our prayers.
