Thy honourable, true, and onely ƒonne.
The holy go¥ alƒo beeyng the coumfo°ter.
Thou art the kyng of glo°y, O Ch°i¥e.
Thou art the euerla¥yng ƒonne of the father.
Whan thou tooke¥ vpon thee to delyuer manne, thou
dydde¥ not abhorre the virgins wombe.
Mattyns.
Whan thou hadde¥ ouercomed the ƒharpene±e of death,
thou didde¥ open the kyngdome of heauen to all beleuers.
Thou ƒitte¥ on the ryghthande of God, in the glo°y of the
father.
 We beleue that thou ƒhalt come to be our judge.
 We therfore p°aye thee, helpe thy ƒeruauntes, whom thou
ha¥e redemed with thy p°ecious bloud.
Make them to be noumb°ed with thy ƒainctes, in glory
euerla¥yng.
 O Lo°de, ƒaue thy people: and ble±e thyne heritage.
 Gouerne them, and lift them vp fo° euer.
 Day by day we magnifie thee.
 And we wurƒhip thy name euer wo°ld without ende.
 Vouchƒafe, O Lo°de, to kepe vs this daye without ƒynne.
 O Lo°de, haue mercy vpon vs : haue mercy vpon vs.
O Lo°de, let thy mercy lighten vpon vs : as our tru¥ is
in thee.
O Lo°de, in thee haue I tru¥ed : let me neuer be confounded.

Benedicite omnia opera domini domino.
All ye wo°kes of the Lo°de, ƒpeake good of the
Lo°de : p°ayƒe hym, and ƒet hym vp fo° euer.
O ye Angels of the Lo°de, ƒpeake good of the
Lo°de : p°ayƒe hym, and ƒet hym vp fo° euer.
O ye heauens, ƒpeake good of the Lo°de: p°ayƒe hym, and
ƒet him vp fo° euer.
O ye waters that be aboue the fy°mamente, ƒpeake good
of the Lo°de : p°ayƒe hym, and ƒet hym vp fo° euer.
O all ye powers of the Lo°d, ƒpeake good of the Lo°d :
p°ayƒe hym, and ƒet hym vp fo° euer.
 O ye Sonne and Moone, ƒpeake good of the Lo°de : p°ayƒe
him, and ƒet him vp fo° euer.
O ye ¥erres of heauen, ƒpeake good of the lo°de : p°ayƒe
him, and ƒet him vp fo° euer.
Mattins.
 O ye ƒhowers, and dewe, ƒpeake good of the lo°d : p°aiƒe
him, and ƒet him vp fo° euer.
 O ye windes of God, ƒpeake good of the Lo°d : p°aiƒe him,
and ƒet him vp fo° euer.
 O ye fier and heate, p°ayƒe ye the Lo°de : p°aiƒe him, and
ƒet him vp fo° euer.
 O ye winter and ƒummer, ƒpeake good of the Lo°de :
p°aiƒe him and ƒet him vp fo° euer.
