to thy people, whiche turne to thee in
wepyng, fa¥ing and p°aying: fo° thou art a
mercifull God, full of compa±ion, long ƒufferyng, and of a
great pietie. Thou ƒpare¥ when we deƒerue puniƒhement,
and in thy w°athe thynke¥ vpon mercy. Spare thy
people, good Lo°de, ƒpare them, and lette not
thy heritage bee b°ought to confuƒion:
Heare vs (O Lo°de) fo° thy
mercy is great, and after
the multitude of thy
mercyes looke
vpon vs.
(. .
 .)
OF CEREMONIES
why ſome be aboliſhed
and ſome retayned
F ƒuche Ceremonies as be vƒed in the
Church, and haue had their beginning
by thin¥itucion of man: Some at the
fir¥ were of godly intent and purpoƒe
deuiƒed, and yet at length turned to
vanitie and ƒuper¥icion: Some entred
into the Churche by vndiƒcrete deuocion,
and ƒuche a zele as was without knowlage, and fo°becauƒe
they were winked at in the beginning, they grewe
dayly to mo°e and mo°e abuƒes, which not onely fo° their
vnp°ofitablene±e, but alƒo becauƒe they haue muche blynded
the people, & obƒcured the glo°y of God, are wo°thy to be cut
awaye, and cleane reiected. Other there be, which although
they haue been deuiƒed by man: yet it is thought good to re-
ƒerue them ¥ill aƒwell fo° a decent o°d°e in the Churche (fo°
the which they were fir¥ deuiƒed) as becauƒe they pertayne
to edificacion. Wherunto all thynges doen in the Churche
(as the Apo¥le teacheth) ought to be referred. And although
the keping o° omytting of a ceremonie (in itƒelfe conƒidered)
is but a ƒmall thyng: Yet the wilfull and contemptuous
tranƒgre±ion, and b°eakyng of a common o°d°e, and diƒciplyne,
is no ƒmall offence befo°e God. Let all thynges bee
done emong you (ƒayeth Sainte Paule) in a ƒemely and due
o°d°e. The appoyntemente of the whiche o°d°e pertayneth
not to p°yuate menne: Therfo°e no manne ought to take in
hande no° p°eƒume to appoynte o° alter any publyke o°
common o°d°e in Chri¥es Churche, excepte he be lawfully 
Of Ceremonies.
called and auto°ized thereunto. And whereas in this our
tyme, the myndes of menne bee ƒo diuerƒe, that ƒome thynke
it a greate matter of conƒcience to departe from a peece of
the lea¥e of they° Ceremonies (they bee ƒo addicted to their
olde cu¥omeƒ), and agayne on the other ƒyde, ƒome bee ƒo
