declared vnto vs the noble wo°kes that thou dydde¥ in they°
dayes, and in the olde tyme befo°e them.
O Lo°de, aryƒe, helpe vs, and deliuer vs fo° thy honour.
Glo°y be to the father, the ƒonne, and to the holy gho¥e; as it
was in the begynning, is nowe, and euer ƒhall be wo°ide with
out ende. Amen.
From our enemies defende vs, O Ch°y¥e.
Graciouƒly loke vpon our afflyctions.
Pytifully beholde the ƒo°owes of our heart.
Mercifully fo°geue the ƒynnes of thy people.
Fauourably with mercy heare our p°ayers.
O ƒonne of Dauid haue mercy vpon vs.
Both nowe and euer vouchƒafe to here vs Ch°i¥e.
Graciouƒely heare vs, O Ch°i¥.
Graciouƒely heare vs, O lo°d Ch°i¥. 
The Suffrages.
The verƒicle.
O Lo°de, let thy mercy be ƒhewed vpon vs.
The Aunƒwere.
As we do put our tru¥e in thee.
Let vs p°aye.
E humbly beƒeche thee, O father, mercifully to
loke vpon our infirmities, and fo° the glo°y of thy
name ƒake, turne from vs all thoƒe euilles that we
mo¥e righteouƒly haue deƒerued: and graunte that in all
oure troubles we maye put our whole tru¥ and confidence
in thy mercy, and euermo°e ƒerue thee in purenes of liuyng,
to thy honour and glo°y: th°ough our onely mediato° and
aduocate Jeƒus Ch°i¥ our Lo°de. Amen.
Lmightie God, whiche ha¥ geuen vs grace at this
tyme with one acco°de to make our commune ƒupplicacionƒ
unto thee, and doe¥ p°omiƒe, that whan
two o° th°ee bee gathered in thy name, thou wylt graunt
they° reque¥es: fulfill now, O lo°de, the deƒires and
peticions of thy ƒeruauntes, as maye bee mo¥e
expediente fo° them, grauntyng vs in this
wo°lde knowlege of thy trueth, and
in the wo°lde to come,
lyfe euerla¥ing.
Amen. 
 OF THE ADMINI=
¥racion of publyke Baptiƒme to
br vƒed in the Churche
T appeareth by auncient wryters, that the Sacramente
of Baptiƒme in the olde tyme was not
commonly mim¥red, but at two tymes in the
yeare, at Ea¥er and whytƒontyde , at whiche
tymes it was openly myni¥red in the p°eƒence of
all the congregacion: Whiche cu¥ome (now
beeyng growen out of vƒe) although it cannot fo°
