admitted a Deacon, except hee bee twenty one yeeres of age at the
lea. And euery man, which is to bee admitted a Prie, ſhall bee
full foure and twentie yeeres old. And euery man, which is to be
conſecrated a Biſhop, ſhall be fully thirtie yeeres of age. And the
Biſhop knowing either by himſelfe, or by ſufficient teimony, any
perſon to be a man of vertuous conuerſation, and without crime,
and after examination and tryall, findyng him learned in the Latine
tongue, and ſufficientlye inrued in holy Scripture, maye vpon
a Sunday or holy day, in the face of the Church, admit
him a Deacon in ſuch manner and forme
as hereafter followeth. 
The Forme and manner of Ordering
of DEACONS .
Ir, when the day appointed by the Biſhop is come,
there ſhall be an exhortation, declaring the duetie and
office of ſuch as come to be admitted Miniers, how
nece ary ſuch orders are in the Church of Chri, and
alſo how the people ought to eeeme them in their
vocation.
 After the exhortation ended, the Archedeacon or his
Deputie, hall preſent ſuch as ſhall come the Biſhop to
bee admitted, ſaying theſe words.
 Euerend Father in God, I p°eƒente vnto you, theƒe perƒones p°e-
ƒent, to be admitted Deacons.
The Biſhop.
Ake heed that the perƒons whom yee p°eƒente vnto vs, bee apt
and meet, for their learning and godly conuerƒation, to exerciƒe their miniƒterie duely, to the honour of God, and edifying of his
Church.
The Archedeacon ſhall anſwere.
Haue enquired of them, and alƒo examined them, and thinke them
ƒo to be.
And then the Biſhop ſhall ſay vnto the people.
Reth°ren, if there be any of you, who knoweth any impediment,
or notable crime, in any of theƒe perƒones presented to be ordered Deacons, for the which hee ought not to bee admitted to the
ƒame, let him come foo°th in the name of God, and ƒhewe what the
crime o° impediment is.
And if any great crime, or impediment be obieed, the Biſhoppe ſhall ſurceaſe,
from ordering that perſon, vntill ſuch time as the party accuſed ſhall trie
himſelf cleare of that crime.
Then the Biſhop, commending ſuch as ſhall be found meet to bee ordered to the
prayers of the Congregation, with the Clearkes, and people preſent, ſhall
ſay or ſing the Letany as followeth, with the prayers.
R
T
I
B 
The Letanie and Suffrages.
God the Father of heauen : haue mercy vpon vs
miƒerable ƒinners.
 O God the Father of heauen : haue mercy vpon vs
