Eƒus ƒaid to Simon Peter, Simon Johanna, loue¥ thou mee,
more than theƒe? Hee ƒaid vnto him, yea, Lo°d, thou knowe¥ that
I loue thee: hee ƒaid vnto him, feed my Lambes. He ƒaid to him
againe the ƒeconde time: Simon Johanna, loue¥ thou me? He ƒaied
vnto him, Yea Lo°d, thou knowe¥ that I loue thee: he ƒaied vnto
I 
him, Feede my ƒheepe. He ƒaid vnto him the third time, Simon
Johanna, loue¥ thou me? Peter was ƒo°ry, becauƒe he ƒaid vnto hym the third time, Love¥ thou me? And hee ƒaid vnto him, Lo°d thou
knowe¥ all things, thou knowe¥ that I loue thee. Jeƒus ƒaid vnto
him, Feed my ƒheepe.
Or elſe out of the tenth Chapiter of Iohn: as before in the order of Pries.
After the Goſpel and Creed ended: fir the eleed Biſhop ſhall bee
preſented by two Biſhops vnto the Archbiſhop of that Prouince, or to
ſome other Biſhop appointed by his commiion: the Biſhops that preſent
him, ſaying.
O¥ reuerend Father in God, we preƒent vnto you this godly and well learned man to be conƒecrated Biƒhop.
Then ſhall the Archbiſhop demand the Kings mandate for the conſecration and
cauſe it to bee read, and the Oath touching the knowledge of the Kings
Supremacie, ſhall be minired to the perſons eleed, as it is ſet out in the
order of Deacons. And then ſhall bee minired alſo the Oath of due obedience
vnto the Archbiſhop, as followeth.

The Oath of due obedience to
the Archbiſhop.
N the Name of God, Amen. I, N. chosen Biƒhop of the Church
and See of N. doe p°ofe±e and p°omiƒe, a due reuerence and obedience
to the Archbiƒhop, and to the Metropoliticall Church of N.
and to their ƒucce±o°s: so helpe me God, th°ough Jeƒus Ch°i¥e.
This Oath shall not be made at the Conſecration of an Archbiſhop.
Then the Archbiſhop shall mooue the Congregation preſent, to praye, ſaying
thus to them.
Rethren, it is w°itten in the Goƒpel of S. Luke, that our Savioure
Ch°i¥ continued the whole night in prayer, o° euer that he did chuƒe and ƒend fo°th his tewlue Apo¥les. It is w°itten alƒo in
the Acts of the Apo¥les, that the Diƒciples which were at Antioche
did fa¥ and pray, o° euer they laid hands vpon, or ƒent fo°th Paul
and Barnabas. Let vs therefo°e, following the example of our
Saviour Ch°i¥ and his Apo¥les, fir¥ fall to p°ayer, o° that we
admit and send fo°th this perƒon p°eƒented vnto vs, to the wo°ke
wherunto we tru¥e the holy Gho¥ hath called him.
M
I
B 
And then ſhall be ſaid the Letanie, as afore in the order of Deacons,
And after this place: That it may pleaƒe the to illuminate all Bi- ƒhops. &c. he ſhal ſay.
That it may pleaƒe thee to ble±e this our b°other elected, and to
ƒend thy grace vpon him, that he may duely execute the office wherunto hee is called, to the edifying of thy Church, and to the
honour, p°aiƒe, and glory of thy Name.
 Aunswere.
We beseech thee to heare vs good Lo°d.
Concluding the Letanie in the end, with this prayer.
