be taught, so soone a# hee shall bee able
to learne what a solemne vow, promise,
and profession hee hath made by you.
And that hee may know these thinge#
the better, yee shall call vpon him to
heare Sermon#, and chiefly you shall prouide that hee may
learne the Creed, the Lord# prayer and the ten Commandement#
in the English tongue, and all other thing# which a
Christian man ought to know, and beleeue to hi# soule# health,
and that thi# childe may bee vertuously brought vp, to leade a
godly and a christian life, remembring alway that Baptisme
doth represent vnto v# our profession, which i#, to follow the
example of our Sauiour Christ, and be made like vnto him,
that a# hee died and rose againe for v#, so shoulde wee which
are baptized, die from sinne, and rise againe vnto righteous-
nesse, continually mortifying all our euill and corrupt affection#,
and daily proceding in all vertue, and godlinesse of
liuing.
And so foorth, a# in publique Baptisme.
¶ But if they which bring the Infants to the Church, doe make ſuch
vncertaine aunſwers to the Pries queons, as that It cannot appeare that
the Childe was baptized with water, In the Name of the Father, and of
the Sonne, and of the holy Ghost : whichh are the eentiall parts of
Baptiſme: then let the Prie baptize It in form aboue written, concerning
publique Baptisme, ſaying that at the dipping of the Childe in the Font,
he all vſe this forme of wordes.
F thou be not already baptized, N. I baptize thee in
the name of the Father, and of the Sonne, and of the
holy Ghost. Amen. 
The order of Confirmation, or laying
on of hands vpon children baptized, and able
to render an account of their Faith, according
to the Catechiſme following.

O the end that confirmacion may bee minired to
the more edifying of ſuch, as all receiue it (according
vnto S. Pauls dorine, who teacheth that all
things should bee done in the Church, to the edification
of the ſame) it is thought good that none
hereafter all bee confirmed but ſuch as can ſay in
their mother tongue the Articles of the Faith, the
Lords prayer, and the ten Commandements, and
can alſo anſwere to ſuch queions of this ort
Catechiſme, as the Biop (or ſuche as hee al appoint) all by his
diſcretion appoſe them in. And this order is mo conuenient to be obſerued
for diuers conſiderations.
Fir, becauſe that when children come to the yeeres of diſcretion, and
haue learned what their Godfathers and Godmothers promiſed for them in
Baptiſme, they may then themſelues with their owne mouth, and with their
own conſent, openly before the Church, ratifie and confirme the ſame : and
