Genesis 30:21	And afterwards she bare a daughter, and called her name Dinah.
Genesis 30:22	And God remembered Rachel, and God hearkened to her, and opened her womb.
Genesis 30:23	And she conceived, and bare a son; and said, God hath taken away my reproach:
Genesis 30:24	And she called his name Joseph; and said, The LORD shall add to me another son.
Genesis 30:25	And it came to pass, when Rachel had born Joseph, that Jacob said unto Laban, Send me away, that I may go unto mine own place, and to my country.
Genesis 30:26	Give me my wives and my children, for whom I have served thee, and let me go: for thou knowest my service which I have done thee.
Genesis 30:27	And Laban said unto him, I pray thee, if I have found favor in thine eyes, tarry: for I have learned by experience that the LORD hath blessed me for thy sake.
Genesis 30:28	And he said, Appoint me thy wages, and I will give it.
Genesis 30:29	And he said unto him, Thou knowest how I have served thee, and how thy cattle was with me.
Genesis 30:30	For it was little which thou hadst before I came, and it is now increased unto a multitude; and the LORD hath blessed thee since my coming: and now when shall I provide for mine own house also?
Genesis 30:31	And he said, What shall I give thee? And Jacob said, Thou shalt not give me any thing: if thou wilt do this thing for me, I will again feed and keep thy flock.
Genesis 30:32	I will pass through all thy flock to day, removing from thence all the speckled and spotted cattle, and all the brown cattle among the sheep, and the spotted and speckled among the goats: and of such shall be my hire.
Genesis 30:33	So shall my righteousness answer for me in time to come, when it shall come for my hire before thy face: every one that is not speckled and spotted among the goats, and brown among the sheep, that shall be counted stolen with me.
Genesis 30:34	And Laban said, Behold, I would it might be according to thy word.
Genesis 30:35	And he removed that day the he goats that were ring-streaked and spotted, and all the she goats that were speckled and spotted, and every one that had some white in it, and all the brown among the sheep, and gave them into the hand of his sons.
Genesis 30:36	And he set three days' journey betwixt himself and Jacob: and Jacob fed the rest of Laban's flocks.
Genesis 30:37	And Jacob took him rods of green poplar, and of the hazel and chestnut tree; and pilled white streaks in them, and made the white appear which was in the rods.
Genesis 30:38	And he set the rods which he had pilled before the flocks in the gutters in the watering troughs when the flocks came to drink, that they should conceive when they came to drink.
Genesis 30:39	And the flocks conceived before the rods, and brought forth cattle ring-streaked, speckled, and spotted.
Genesis 30:40	And Jacob did separate the lambs, and set the faces of the flocks toward the ring-streaked, and all the brown in the flock of Laban; and he put his own flocks by themselves, and put them not unto Laban's cattle.
Genesis 30:41	And it came to pass, whensoever the stronger cattle did conceive, that Jacob laid the rods before the eyes of the cattle in the gutters, that they might conceive among the rods.
Genesis 30:42	But when the cattle were feeble, he put them not in: so the feebler were Laban's, and the stronger Jacob's.
Genesis 30:43	And the man increased exceedingly, and had much cattle, and maidservants, and menservants, and camels, and asses.
Genesis 31:1	And he heard the words of Laban's sons, saying, Jacob hath taken away all that was our father's; and of that which was our father's hath he gotten all this glory.
Genesis 31:2	And Jacob beheld the countenance of Laban, and, behold, it was not toward him as before.
Genesis 31:3	And the LORD said unto Jacob, Return unto the land of thy fathers, and to thy kindred; and I will be with thee.
Genesis 31:4	And Jacob sent and called Rachel and Leah to the field unto his flock,
Genesis 31:5	And said unto them, I see your father's countenance, that it is not toward me as before; but the God of my father hath been with me.
Genesis 31:6	And ye know that with all my power I have served your father.
Genesis 31:7	And your father hath deceived me, and changed my wages ten times; but God suffered him not to hurt me.
Genesis 31:8	If he said thus, The speckled shall be thy wages; then all the cattle bare speckled: and if he said thus, The ring-streaked shall be thy hire; then bare all the cattle ring-streaked.
Genesis 31:9	Thus God hath taken away the cattle of your father, and given them to me.
Genesis 31:10	And it came to pass at the time that the cattle conceived, that I lifted up mine eyes, and saw in a dream, and, behold, the rams which leaped upon the cattle were ring-streaked, speckled, and grizzled.
Genesis 31:11	And the angel of God spake unto me in a dream, saying, Jacob: And I said, Here am I.
Genesis 31:12	And he said, Lift up now thine eyes, and see, all the rams which leap upon the cattle are ring-streaked, speckled, and grizzled: for I have seen all that Laban doeth unto thee.
Genesis 31:13	I am the God of Bethel, where thou anointedst the pillar, and where thou vowedst a vow unto me: now arise, get thee out from this land, and return unto the land of thy kindred.
Genesis 31:14	And Rachel and Leah answered and said unto him, Is there yet any portion or inheritance for us in our father's house?
Genesis 31:15	Are we not counted of him strangers? for he hath sold us, and hath quite devoured also our money.
Genesis 31:16	For all the riches which God hath taken from our father, that is ours, and our children's: now then, whatsoever God hath said unto thee, do.
Genesis 31:17	Then Jacob rose up, and set his sons and his wives upon camels;
Genesis 31:18	And he carried away all his cattle, and all his goods which he had gotten, the cattle of his getting, which he had gotten in Padanaram, for to go to Isaac his father in the land of Canaan.
Genesis 31:19	And Laban went to shear his sheep: and Rachel had stolen the images that were her father's.
Genesis 31:20	And Jacob stole away unawares to Laban the Syrian, in that he told him not that he fled.
Genesis 31:21	So he fled with all that he had; and he rose up, and passed over the river, and set his face toward the mount Gilead.
Genesis 31:22	And it was told Laban on the third day that Jacob was fled.
Genesis 31:23	And he took his brethren with him, and pursued after him seven days' journey; and they overtook him in the mount Gilead.
Genesis 31:24	And God came to Laban the Syrian in a dream by night, and said unto him, Take heed that thou speak not to Jacob either good or bad.
Genesis 31:25	Then Laban overtook Jacob. Now Jacob had pitched his tent in the mount: and Laban with his brethren pitched in the mount of Gilead.
Genesis 31:26	And Laban said to Jacob, What hast thou done, that thou hast stolen away unawares to me, and carried away my daughters, as captives taken with the sword?
Genesis 31:27	Wherefore didst thou flee away secretly, and steal away from me; and didst not tell me, that I might have sent thee away with mirth, and with songs, with tabret, and with harp?
