1 Chronicles 2:45	And the son of Shammai was Maon: and Maon was the father of Bethzur.
1 Chronicles 2:46	And Ephah, Caleb's concubine, bare Haran, and Moza, and Gazez: and Haran begat Gazez.
1 Chronicles 2:47	And the sons of Jahdai; Regem, and Jotham, and Gesham, and Pelet, and Ephah, and Shaaph.
1 Chronicles 2:48	Maachah, Caleb's concubine, bare Sheber, and Tirhanah.
1 Chronicles 2:49	She bare also Shaaph the father of Madmannah, Sheva the father of Machbenah, and the father of Gibea: and the daughter of Caleb was Achsa.
1 Chronicles 2:50	These were the sons of Caleb the son of Hur, the firstborn of Ephratah; Shobal the father of Kirjathjearim.
1 Chronicles 2:51	Salma the father of Bethlehem, Hareph the father of Bethgader.
1 Chronicles 2:52	And Shobal the father of Kirjathjearim had sons; Haroeh, and half of the Manahethites.
1 Chronicles 2:53	And the families of Kirjathjearim; the Ithrites, and the Puhites, and the Shumathites, and the Mishraites; of them came the Zareathites, and the Eshtaulites,
1 Chronicles 2:54	The sons of Salma; Bethlehem, and the Netophathites, Ataroth, the house of Joab, and half of the Manahethites, the Zorites.
1 Chronicles 2:55	And the families of the scribes which dwelt at Jabez; the Tirathites, the Shimeathites, and Suchathites. These are the Kenites that came of Hemath, the father of the house of Rechab.
1 Chronicles 3:1	Now these were the sons of David, which were born unto him in Hebron; the firstborn Amnon, of Ahinoam the Jezreelitess; the second Daniel, of Abigail the Carmelitess:
1 Chronicles 3:2	The third, Absalom the son of Maachah the daughter of Talmai king of Geshur: the fourth, Adonijah the son of Haggith:
1 Chronicles 3:3	The fifth, Shephatiah of Abital: the sixth, Ithream by Eglah his wife.
1 Chronicles 3:4	These six were born unto him in Hebron; and there he reigned seven years and six months: and in Jerusalem he reigned thirty and three years.
1 Chronicles 3:5	And these were born unto him in Jerusalem; Shimea, and Shobab, and Nathan, and Solomon, four, of Bathshua the daughter of Ammiel:
1 Chronicles 3:6	Ibhar also, and Elishama, and Eliphelet,
1 Chronicles 3:7	And Nogah, and Nepheg, and Japhia,
1 Chronicles 3:8	And Elishama, and Eliada, and Eliphelet, nine.
1 Chronicles 3:9	These were all the sons of David, beside the sons of the concubines, and Tamar their sister.
1 Chronicles 3:10	And Solomon's son was Rehoboam, Abia his son, Asa his son, Jehoshaphat his son,
1 Chronicles 3:11	Joram his son, Ahaziah his son, Joash his son,
1 Chronicles 3:12	Amaziah his son, Azariah his son, Jotham his son,
1 Chronicles 3:13	Ahaz his son, Hezekiah his son, Manasseh his son,
1 Chronicles 3:14	Amon his son, Josiah his son.
1 Chronicles 3:15	And the sons of Josiah were, the firstborn Johanan, the second Jehoiakim, the third Zedekiah, the fourth Shallum.
1 Chronicles 3:16	And the sons of Jehoiakim: Jeconiah his son, Zedekiah his son.
1 Chronicles 3:17	And the sons of Jeconiah; Assir, Salathiel his son,
1 Chronicles 3:18	Malchiram also, and Pedaiah, and Shenazar, Jecamiah, Hoshama, and Nedabiah.
1 Chronicles 3:19	And the sons of Pedaiah were, Zerubbabel, and Shimei: and the sons of Zerubbabel; Meshullam, and Hananiah, and Shelomith their sister:
1 Chronicles 3:20	And Hashubah, and Ohel, and Berechiah, and Hasadiah, Jushabhesed, five.
1 Chronicles 3:21	And the sons of Hananiah; Pelatiah, and Jesaiah: the sons of Rephaiah, the sons of Arnan, the sons of Obadiah, the sons of Shechaniah.
1 Chronicles 3:22	And the sons of Shechaniah; Shemaiah: and the sons of Shemaiah; Hattush, and Igeal, and Bariah, and Neariah, and Shaphat, six.
1 Chronicles 3:23	And the sons of Neariah; Elioenai, and Hezekiah, and Azrikam, three.
1 Chronicles 3:24	And the sons of Elioenai were, Hodaiah, and Eliashib, and Pelaiah, and Akkub, and Johanan, and Dalaiah, and Anani, seven.
1 Chronicles 4:1	The sons of Judah; Pharez, Hezron, and Carmi, and Hur, and Shobal.
1 Chronicles 4:2	And Reaiah the son of Shobal begat Jahath; and Jahath begat Ahumai, and Lahad. These are the families of the Zorathites.
1 Chronicles 4:3	And these were of the father of Etam; Jezreel, and Ishma, and Idbash: and the name of their sister was Hazelelponi:
1 Chronicles 4:4	And Penuel the father of Gedor, and Ezer the father of Hushah. These are the sons of Hur, the firstborn of Ephratah, the father of Bethlehem.
1 Chronicles 4:5	And Ashur the father of Tekoa had two wives, Helah and Naarah.
1 Chronicles 4:6	And Naarah bare him Ahuzam, and Hepher, and Temeni, and Haahashtari. These were the sons of Naarah.
1 Chronicles 4:7	And the sons of Helah were, Zereth, and Jezoar, and Ethnan.
1 Chronicles 4:8	And Coz begat Anub, and Zobebah, and the families of Aharhel the son of Harum.
1 Chronicles 4:9	And Jabez was more honorable than his brethren: and his mother called his name Jabez, saying, Because I bare him with sorrow.
1 Chronicles 4:10	And Jabez called on the God of Israel, saying, Oh that thou wouldest bless me indeed, and enlarge my coast, and that thine hand might be with me, and that thou wouldest keep me from evil, that it may not grieve me! And God granted him that which he requested.
1 Chronicles 4:11	And Chelub the brother of Shuah begat Mehir, which was the father of Eshton.
1 Chronicles 4:12	And Eshton begat Bethrapha, and Paseah, and Tehinnah the father of Irnahash. These are the men of Rechah.
1 Chronicles 4:13	And the sons of Kenaz; Othniel, and Seraiah: and the sons of Othniel; Hathath.
1 Chronicles 4:14	And Meonothai begat Ophrah: and Seraiah begat Joab, the father of the valley of Charashim; for they were craftsmen.
1 Chronicles 4:15	And the sons of Caleb the son of Jephunneh; Iru, Elah, and Naam: and the sons of Elah, even Kenaz.
