1 Chronicles 4:16	And the sons of Jehaleleel; Ziph, and Ziphah, Tiria, and Asareel.
1 Chronicles 4:17	And the sons of Ezra were, Jether, and Mered, and Epher, and Jalon: and she bare Miriam, and Shammai, and Ishbah the father of Eshtemoa.
1 Chronicles 4:18	And his wife Jehudijah bare Jered the father of Gedor, and Heber the father of Socho, and Jekuthiel the father of Zanoah. And these are the sons of Bithiah the daughter of Pharaoh, which Mered took.
1 Chronicles 4:19	And the sons of his wife Hodiah the sister of Naham, the father of Keilah the Garmite, and Eshtemoa the Maachathite.
1 Chronicles 4:20	And the sons of Shimon were, Amnon, and Rinnah, Benhanan, and Tilon. And the sons of Ishi were, Zoheth, and Benzoheth.
1 Chronicles 4:21	The sons of Shelah the son of Judah were, Er the father of Lecah, and Laadah the father of Mareshah, and the families of the house of them that wrought fine linen, of the house of Ashbea,
1 Chronicles 4:22	And Jokim, and the men of Chozeba, and Joash, and Saraph, who had the dominion in Moab, and Jashubilehem. And these are ancient things.
1 Chronicles 4:23	These were the potters, and those that dwelt among plants and hedges: there they dwelt with the king for his work.
1 Chronicles 4:24	The sons of Simeon were, Nemuel, and Jamin, Jarib, Zerah, and Shaul:
1 Chronicles 4:25	Shallum his son, Mibsam his son, Mishma his son.
1 Chronicles 4:26	And the sons of Mishma; Hamuel his son, Zacchur his son, Shimei his son.
1 Chronicles 4:27	And Shimei had sixteen sons and six daughters: but his brethren had not many children, neither did all their family multiply, like to the children of Judah.
1 Chronicles 4:28	And they dwelt at Beersheba, and Moladah, and Hazarshual,
1 Chronicles 4:29	And at Bilhah, and at Ezem, and at Tolad,
1 Chronicles 4:30	And at Bethuel, and at Hormah, and at Ziklag,
1 Chronicles 4:31	And at Bethmarcaboth, and Hazarsusim, and at Bethbirei, and at Shaaraim. These were their cities unto the reign of David.
1 Chronicles 4:32	And their villages were, Etam, and Ain, Rimmon, and Tochen, and Ashan, five cities:
1 Chronicles 4:33	And all their villages that were round about the same cities, unto Baal. These were their habitations, and their genealogy.
1 Chronicles 4:34	And Meshobab, and Jamlech, and Joshah, the son of Amaziah,
1 Chronicles 4:35	And Joel, and Jehu the son of Josibiah, the son of Seraiah, the son of Asiel,
1 Chronicles 4:36	And Elioenai, and Jaakobah, and Jeshohaiah, and Asaiah, and Adiel, and Jesimiel, and Benaiah,
1 Chronicles 4:37	And Ziza the son of Shiphi, the son of Allon, the son of Jedaiah, the son of Shimri, the son of Shemaiah;
1 Chronicles 4:38	These mentioned by their names were princes in their families: and the house of their fathers increased greatly.
1 Chronicles 4:39	And they went to the entrance of Gedor, even unto the east side of the valley, to seek pasture for their flocks.
1 Chronicles 4:40	And they found fat pasture and good, and the land was wide, and quiet, and peaceable; for they of Ham had dwelt there of old.
1 Chronicles 4:41	And these written by name came in the days of Hezekiah king of Judah, and smote their tents, and the habitations that were found there, and destroyed them utterly unto this day, and dwelt in their rooms: because there was pasture there for their flocks.
1 Chronicles 4:42	And some of them, even of the sons of Simeon, five hundred men, went to mount Seir, having for their captains Pelatiah, and Neariah, and Rephaiah, and Uzziel, the sons of Ishi.
1 Chronicles 4:43	And they smote the rest of the Amalekites that were escaped, and dwelt there unto this day.
1 Chronicles 5:1	Now the sons of Reuben the firstborn of Israel, (for he was the firstborn; but forasmuch as he defiled his father's bed, his birthright was given unto the sons of Joseph the son of Israel: and the genealogy is not to be reckoned after the birthright.
1 Chronicles 5:2	For Judah prevailed above his brethren, and of him came the chief ruler; but the birthright was Joseph's:)
1 Chronicles 5:3	The sons, I say, of Reuben the firstborn of Israel were, Hanoch, and Pallu, Hezron, and Carmi.
1 Chronicles 5:4	The sons of Joel; Shemaiah his son, Gog his son, Shimei his son,
1 Chronicles 5:5	Micah his son, Reaia his son, Baal his son,
1 Chronicles 5:6	Beerah his son, whom Tilgathpilneser king of Assyria carried away captive: he was prince of the Reubenites.
1 Chronicles 5:7	And his brethren by their families, when the genealogy of their generations was reckoned, were the chief, Jeiel, and Zechariah,
1 Chronicles 5:8	And Bela the son of Azaz, the son of Shema, the son of Joel, who dwelt in Aroer, even unto Nebo and Baalmeon:
1 Chronicles 5:9	And eastward he inhabited unto the entering in of the wilderness from the river Euphrates: because their cattle were multiplied in the land of Gilead.
1 Chronicles 5:10	And in the days of Saul they made war with the Hagarites, who fell by their hand: and they dwelt in their tents throughout all the east land of Gilead.
1 Chronicles 5:11	And the children of Gad dwelt over against them, in the land of Bashan unto Salcah:
1 Chronicles 5:12	Joel the chief, and Shapham the next, and Jaanai, and Shaphat in Bashan.
1 Chronicles 5:13	And their brethren of the house of their fathers were, Michael, and Meshullam, and Sheba, and Jorai, and Jachan, and Zia, and Heber, seven.
1 Chronicles 5:14	These are the children of Abihail the son of Huri, the son of Jaroah, the son of Gilead, the son of Michael, the son of Jeshishai, the son of Jahdo, the son of Buz;
1 Chronicles 5:15	Ahi the son of Abdiel, the son of Guni, chief of the house of their fathers.
1 Chronicles 5:16	And they dwelt in Gilead in Bashan, and in her towns, and in all the suburbs of Sharon, upon their borders.
1 Chronicles 5:17	All these were reckoned by genealogies in the days of Jotham king of Judah, and in the days of Jeroboam king of Israel.
1 Chronicles 5:18	The sons of Reuben, and the Gadites, and half the tribe of Manasseh, of valiant men, men able to bear buckler and sword, and to shoot with bow, and skillful in war, were four and forty thousand seven hundred and threescore, that went out to the war.
1 Chronicles 5:19	And they made war with the Hagarites, with Jetur, and Nephish, and Nodab.
1 Chronicles 5:20	And they were helped against them, and the Hagarites were delivered into their hand, and all that were with them: for they cried to God in the battle, and he was intreated of them; because they put their trust in him.
1 Chronicles 5:21	And they took away their cattle; of their camels fifty thousand, and of sheep two hundred and fifty thousand, and of asses two thousand, and of men an hundred thousand.
1 Chronicles 5:22	For there fell down many slain, because the war was of God. And they dwelt in their steads until the captivity.
