Psalms 28:2	Hear the voice of my supplications, when I cry unto thee, when I lift up my hands toward thy holy oracle.
Psalms 28:3	Draw me not away with the wicked, and with the workers of iniquity, which speak peace to their neighbours, but mischief is in their hearts.
Psalms 28:4	Give them according to their deeds, and according to the wickedness of their endeavours: give them after the work of their hands; render to them their desert.
Psalms 28:5	Because they regard not the works of the LORD, nor the operation of his hands, he shall destroy them, and not build them up.
Psalms 28:6	Blessed be the LORD, because he hath heard the voice of my supplications.
Psalms 28:7	The LORD is my strength and my shield; my heart trusted in him, and I am helped: therefore my heart greatly rejoiceth; and with my song will I praise him.
Psalms 28:8	The LORD is their strength, and he is the saving strength of his anointed.
Psalms 28:9	Save thy people, and bless thine inheritance: feed them also, and lift them up for ever.
Psalms 29:1	Give unto the LORD, O ye mighty, give unto the LORD glory and strength.
Psalms 29:2	Give unto the LORD the glory due unto his name; worship the LORD in the beauty of holiness.
Psalms 29:3	The voice of the LORD is upon the waters: the God of glory thundereth: the LORD is upon many waters.
Psalms 29:4	The voice of the LORD is powerful; the voice of the LORD is full of majesty.
Psalms 29:5	The voice of the LORD breaketh the cedars; yea, the LORD breaketh the cedars of Lebanon.
Psalms 29:6	He maketh them also to skip like a calf; Lebanon and Sirion like a young unicorn.
Psalms 29:7	The voice of the LORD divideth the flames of fire.
Psalms 29:8	The voice of the LORD shaketh the wilderness; the LORD shaketh the wilderness of Kadesh.
Psalms 29:9	The voice of the LORD maketh the hinds to calve, and discovereth the forests: and in his temple doth every one speak of his glory.
Psalms 29:10	The LORD sitteth upon the flood; yea, the LORD sitteth King for ever.
Psalms 29:11	The LORD will give strength unto his people; the LORD will bless his people with peace.
Psalms 30:1	I will extol thee, O LORD; for thou hast lifted me up, and hast not made my foes to rejoice over me.
Psalms 30:2	O LORD my God, I cried unto thee, and thou hast healed me.
Psalms 30:3	O LORD, thou hast brought up my soul from the grave: thou hast kept me alive, that I should not go down to the pit.
Psalms 30:4	Sing unto the LORD, O ye saints of his, and give thanks at the remembrance of his holiness.
Psalms 30:5	For his anger endureth but a moment; in his favour is life: weeping may endure for a night, but joy cometh in the morning.
Psalms 30:6	And in my prosperity I said, I shall never be moved.
Psalms 30:7	LORD, by thy favour thou hast made my mountain to stand strong: thou didst hide thy face, and I was troubled.
Psalms 30:8	I cried to thee, O LORD; and unto the LORD I made supplication.
Psalms 30:9	What profit is there in my blood, when I go down to the pit? Shall the dust praise thee? shall it declare thy truth?
Psalms 30:10	Hear, O LORD, and have mercy upon me: LORD, be thou my helper.
Psalms 30:11	Thou hast turned for me my mourning into dancing: thou hast put off my sackcloth, and girded me with gladness;
Psalms 30:12	To the end that my glory may sing praise to thee, and not be silent. O LORD my God, I will give thanks unto thee for ever.
Psalms 31:1	In thee, O LORD, do I put my trust; let me never be ashamed: deliver me in thy righteousness.
Psalms 31:2	Bow down thine ear to me; deliver me speedily: be thou my strong rock, for an house of defence to save me.
Psalms 31:3	For thou art my rock and my fortress; therefore for thy name's sake lead me, and guide me.
Psalms 31:4	Pull me out of the net that they have laid privily for me: for thou art my strength.
Psalms 31:5	Into thine hand I commit my spirit: thou hast redeemed me, O LORD God of truth.
Psalms 31:6	I have hated them that regard lying vanities: but I trust in the LORD.
Psalms 31:7	I will be glad and rejoice in thy mercy: for thou hast considered my trouble; thou hast known my soul in adversities;
Psalms 31:8	And hast not shut me up into the hand of the enemy: thou hast set my feet in a large room.
Psalms 31:9	Have mercy upon me, O LORD, for I am in trouble: mine eye is consumed with grief, yea, my soul and my belly.
Psalms 31:10	For my life is spent with grief, and my years with sighing: my strength faileth because of mine iniquity, and my bones are consumed.
Psalms 31:11	I was a reproach among all mine enemies, but especially among my neighbours, and a fear to mine acquaintance: they that did see me without fled from me.
Psalms 31:12	I am forgotten as a dead man out of mind: I am like a broken vessel.
Psalms 31:13	For I have heard the slander of many: fear was on every side: while they took counsel together against me, they devised to take away my life.
Psalms 31:14	But I trusted in thee, O LORD: I said, Thou art my God.
Psalms 31:15	My times are in thy hand: deliver me from the hand of mine enemies, and from them that persecute me.
Psalms 31:16	Make thy face to shine upon thy servant: save me for thy mercies' sake.
Psalms 31:17	Let me not be ashamed, O LORD; for I have called upon thee: let the wicked be ashamed, and let them be silent in the grave.
Psalms 31:18	Let the lying lips be put to silence; which speak grievous things proudly and contemptuously against the righteous.
Psalms 31:19	Oh how great is thy goodness, which thou hast laid up for them that fear thee; which thou hast wrought for them that trust in thee before the sons of men!
