Psalms 10:10	He croucheth, and humbleth himself, that the poor may fall by his strong ones.
Psalms 10:11	He hath said in his heart, God hath forgotten: he hideth his face; he will never see it.
Psalms 10:12	Arise, O LORD; O God, lift up thine hand: forget not the humble.
Psalms 10:13	Wherefore doth the wicked contemn God? he hath said in his heart, Thou wilt not require it.
Psalms 10:14	Thou hast seen it; for thou beholdest mischief and spite, to requite it with thy hand: the poor committeth himself unto thee; thou art the helper of the fatherless.
Psalms 10:15	Break thou the arm of the wicked and the evil man: seek out his wickedness till thou find none.
Psalms 10:16	The LORD is King for ever and ever: the heathen are perished out of his land.
Psalms 10:17	LORD, thou hast heard the desire of the humble: thou wilt prepare their heart, thou wilt cause thine ear to hear:
Psalms 10:18	To judge the fatherless and the oppressed, that the man of the earth may no more oppress.
Psalms 11:1	In the LORD put I my trust: how say ye to my soul, Flee as a bird to your mountain?
Psalms 11:2	For, lo, the wicked bend their bow, they make ready their arrow upon the string, that they may privily shoot at the upright in heart.
Psalms 11:3	If the foundations be destroyed, what can the righteous do?
Psalms 11:4	The LORD is in his holy temple, the LORD's throne is in heaven: his eyes behold, his eyelids try, the children of men.
Psalms 11:5	The LORD trieth the righteous: but the wicked and him that loveth violence his soul hateth.
Psalms 11:6	Upon the wicked he shall rain snares, fire and brimstone, and an horrible tempest: this shall be the portion of their cup.
Psalms 11:7	For the righteous LORD loveth righteousness; his countenance doth behold the upright.
Psalms 12:1	Help, LORD; for the godly man ceaseth; for the faithful fail from among the children of men.
Psalms 12:2	They speak vanity every one with his neighbour: with flattering lips and with a double heart do they speak.
Psalms 12:3	The LORD shall cut off all flattering lips, and the tongue that speaketh proud things:
Psalms 12:4	Who have said, With our tongue will we prevail; our lips are our own: who is lord over us?
Psalms 12:5	For the oppression of the poor, for the sighing of the needy, now will I arise, saith the LORD; I will set him in safety from him that puffeth at him.
Psalms 12:6	The words of the LORD are pure words: as silver tried in a furnace of earth, purified seven times.
Psalms 12:7	Thou shalt keep them, O LORD, thou shalt preserve them from this generation for ever.
Psalms 12:8	The wicked walk on every side, when the vilest men are exalted.
Psalms 13:1	How long wilt thou forget me, O LORD? for ever? how long wilt thou hide thy face from me?
Psalms 13:2	How long shall I take counsel in my soul, having sorrow in my heart daily? how long shall mine enemy be exalted over me?
Psalms 13:3	Consider and hear me, O LORD my God: lighten mine eyes, lest I sleep the sleep of death;
Psalms 13:4	Lest mine enemy say, I have prevailed against him; and those that trouble me rejoice when I am moved.
Psalms 13:5	But I have trusted in thy mercy; my heart shall rejoice in thy salvation.
Psalms 13:6	I will sing unto the LORD, because he hath dealt bountifully with me.
Psalms 14:1	The fool hath said in his heart, There is no God. They are corrupt, they have done abominable works, there is none that doeth good.
Psalms 14:2	The LORD looked down from heaven upon the children of men, to see if there were any that did understand, and seek God.
Psalms 14:3	They are all gone aside, they are all together become filthy: there is none that doeth good, no, not one.
Psalms 14:4	Have all the workers of iniquity no knowledge? who eat up my people as they eat bread, and call not upon the LORD.
Psalms 14:5	There were they in great fear: for God is in the generation of the righteous.
Psalms 14:6	Ye have shamed the counsel of the poor, because the LORD is his refuge.
Psalms 14:7	Oh that the salvation of Israel were come out of Zion! when the LORD bringeth back the captivity of his people, Jacob shall rejoice, and Israel shall be glad.
Psalms 15:1	Lord, who shall abide in thy tabernacle? who shall dwell in thy holy hill?
Psalms 15:2	He that walketh uprightly, and worketh righteousness, and speaketh the truth in his heart.
Psalms 15:3	He that backbiteth not with his tongue, nor doeth evil to his neighbour, nor taketh up a reproach against his neighbour.
Psalms 15:4	In whose eyes a vile person is contemned; but he honoureth them that fear the LORD. He that sweareth to his own hurt, and changeth not.
Psalms 15:5	He that putteth not out his money to usury, nor taketh reward against the innocent. He that doeth these things shall never be moved.
Psalms 16:1	Preserve me, O God: for in thee do I put my trust.
Psalms 16:2	O my soul, thou hast said unto the LORD, Thou art my Lord: my goodness extendeth not to thee;
Psalms 16:3	But to the saints that are in the earth, and to the excellent, in whom is all my delight.
Psalms 16:4	Their sorrows shall be multiplied that hasten after another god: their drink offerings of blood will I not offer, nor take up their names into my lips.
Psalms 16:5	The LORD is the portion of mine inheritance and of my cup: thou maintainest my lot.
Psalms 16:6	The lines are fallen unto me in pleasant places; yea, I have a goodly heritage.
Psalms 16:7	I will bless the LORD, who hath given me counsel: my reins also instruct me in the night seasons.
Psalms 16:8	I have set the LORD always before me: because he is at my right hand, I shall not be moved.
