Psalms 41:9	Yea, mine own familiar friend, in whom I trusted, which did eat of my bread, hath lifted up his heel against me.
Psalms 41:10	But thou, O LORD, be merciful unto me, and raise me up, that I may requite them.
Psalms 41:11	By this I know that thou favourest me, because mine enemy doth not triumph over me.
Psalms 41:12	And as for me, thou upholdest me in mine integrity, and settest me before thy face for ever.
Psalms 41:13	Blessed be the LORD God of Israel from everlasting, and to everlasting. Amen, and Amen.
Psalms 42:1	As the hart panteth after the water brooks, so panteth my soul after thee, O God.
Psalms 42:2	My soul thirsteth for God, for the living God: when shall I come and appear before God?
Psalms 42:3	My tears have been my meat day and night, while they continually say unto me, Where is thy God?
Psalms 42:4	When I remember these things, I pour out my soul in me: for I had gone with the multitude, I went with them to the house of God, with the voice of joy and praise, with a multitude that kept holyday.
Psalms 42:5	Why art thou cast down, O my soul? and why art thou disquieted in me? hope thou in God: for I shall yet praise him for the help of his countenance.
Psalms 42:6	O my God, my soul is cast down within me: therefore will I remember thee from the land of Jordan, and of the Hermonites, from the hill Mizar.
Psalms 42:7	Deep calleth unto deep at the noise of thy waterspouts: all thy waves and thy billows are gone over me.
Psalms 42:8	Yet the LORD will command his lovingkindness in the day time, and in the night his song shall be with me, and my prayer unto the God of my life.
Psalms 42:9	I will say unto God my rock, Why hast thou forgotten me? why go I mourning because of the oppression of the enemy?
Psalms 42:10	As with a sword in my bones, mine enemies reproach me; while they say daily unto me, Where is thy God?
Psalms 42:11	Why art thou cast down, O my soul? and why art thou disquieted within me? hope thou in God: for I shall yet praise him, who is the health of my countenance, and my God.
Psalms 43:1	Judge me, O God, and plead my cause against an ungodly nation: O deliver me from the deceitful and unjust man.
Psalms 43:2	For thou art the God of my strength: why dost thou cast me off? why go I mourning because of the oppression of the enemy?
Psalms 43:3	O send out thy light and thy truth: let them lead me; let them bring me unto thy holy hill, and to thy tabernacles.
Psalms 43:4	Then will I go unto the altar of God, unto God my exceeding joy: yea, upon the harp will I praise thee, O God my God.
Psalms 43:5	Why art thou cast down, O my soul? and why art thou disquieted within me? hope in God: for I shall yet praise him, who is the health of my countenance, and my God.
Psalms 44:1	We have heard with our ears, O God, our fathers have told us, what work thou didst in their days, in the times of old.
Psalms 44:2	How thou didst drive out the heathen with thy hand, and plantedst them; how thou didst afflict the people, and cast them out.
Psalms 44:3	For they got not the land in possession by their own sword, neither did their own arm save them: but thy right hand, and thine arm, and the light of thy countenance, because thou hadst a favour unto them.
Psalms 44:4	Thou art my King, O God: command deliverances for Jacob.
Psalms 44:5	Through thee will we push down our enemies: through thy name will we tread them under that rise up against us.
Psalms 44:6	For I will not trust in my bow, neither shall my sword save me.
Psalms 44:7	But thou hast saved us from our enemies, and hast put them to shame that hated us.
Psalms 44:8	In God we boast all the day long, and praise thy name for ever. Selah.
Psalms 44:9	But thou hast cast off, and put us to shame; and goest not forth with our armies.
Psalms 44:10	Thou makest us to turn back from the enemy: and they which hate us spoil for themselves.
Psalms 44:11	Thou hast given us like sheep appointed for meat; and hast scattered us among the heathen.
Psalms 44:12	Thou sellest thy people for nought, and dost not increase thy wealth by their price.
Psalms 44:13	Thou makest us a reproach to our neighbours, a scorn and a derision to them that are round about us.
Psalms 44:14	Thou makest us a byword among the heathen, a shaking of the head among the people.
Psalms 44:15	My confusion is continually before me, and the shame of my face hath covered me,
Psalms 44:16	For the voice of him that reproacheth and blasphemeth; by reason of the enemy and avenger.
Psalms 44:17	All this is come upon us; yet have we not forgotten thee, neither have we dealt falsely in thy covenant.
Psalms 44:18	Our heart is not turned back, neither have our steps declined from thy way;
Psalms 44:19	Though thou hast sore broken us in the place of dragons, and covered us with the shadow of death.
Psalms 44:20	If we have forgotten the name of our God, or stretched out our hands to a strange god;
Psalms 44:21	Shall not God search this out? for he knoweth the secrets of the heart.
Psalms 44:22	Yea, for thy sake are we killed all the day long; we are counted as sheep for the slaughter.
Psalms 44:23	Awake, why sleepest thou, O Lord? arise, cast us not off for ever.
Psalms 44:24	Wherefore hidest thou thy face, and forgettest our affliction and our oppression?
Psalms 44:25	For our soul is bowed down to the dust: our belly cleaveth unto the earth.
Psalms 44:26	Arise for our help, and redeem us for thy mercies' sake.
Psalms 45:1	My heart is inditing a good matter: I speak of the things which I have made touching the king: my tongue is the pen of a ready writer.
Psalms 45:2	Thou art fairer than the children of men: grace is poured into thy lips: therefore God hath blessed thee for ever.
Psalms 45:3	Gird thy sword upon thy thigh, O most mighty, with thy glory and thy majesty.
