Proverbs 31:17	She girdeth her loins with strength, and strengtheneth her arms.
Proverbs 31:18	She perceiveth that her merchandise is good: her candle goeth not out by night.
Proverbs 31:19	She layeth her hands to the spindle, and her hands hold the distaff.
Proverbs 31:20	She stretcheth out her hand to the poor; yea, she reacheth forth her hands to the needy.
Proverbs 31:21	She is not afraid of the snow for her household: for all her household are clothed with scarlet.
Proverbs 31:22	She maketh herself coverings of tapestry; her clothing is silk and purple.
Proverbs 31:23	Her husband is known in the gates, when he sitteth among the elders of the land.
Proverbs 31:24	She maketh fine linen, and selleth it; and delivereth girdles unto the merchant.
Proverbs 31:25	Strength and honour are her clothing; and she shall rejoice in time to come.
Proverbs 31:26	She openeth her mouth with wisdom; and in her tongue is the law of kindness.
Proverbs 31:27	She looketh well to the ways of her household, and eateth not the bread of idleness.
Proverbs 31:28	Her children arise up, and call her blessed; her husband also, and he praiseth her.
Proverbs 31:29	Many daughters have done virtuously, but thou excellest them all.
Proverbs 31:30	Favour is deceitful, and beauty is vain: but a woman that feareth the LORD, she shall be praised.
Proverbs 31:31	Give her of the fruit of her hands; and let her own works praise her in the gates.
Ecclesiastes 1:1	The words of the Preacher, the son of David, king in Jerusalem.
Ecclesiastes 1:2	Vanity of vanities, saith the Preacher, vanity of vanities; all is vanity.
Ecclesiastes 1:3	What profit hath a man of all his labour which he taketh under the sun?
Ecclesiastes 1:4	One generation passeth away, and another generation cometh: but the earth abideth for ever.
Ecclesiastes 1:5	The sun also ariseth, and the sun goeth down, and hasteth to his place where he arose.
Ecclesiastes 1:6	The wind goeth toward the south, and turneth about unto the north; it whirleth about continually, and the wind returneth again according to his circuits.
Ecclesiastes 1:7	All the rivers run into the sea; yet the sea is not full; unto the place from whence the rivers come, thither they return again.
Ecclesiastes 1:8	All things are full of labour; man cannot utter it: the eye is not satisfied with seeing, nor the ear filled with hearing.
Ecclesiastes 1:9	The thing that hath been, it is that which shall be; and that which is done is that which shall be done: and there is no new thing under the sun.
Ecclesiastes 1:10	Is there any thing whereof it may be said, See, this is new? it hath been already of old time, which was before us.
Ecclesiastes 1:11	There is no remembrance of former things; neither shall there be any remembrance of things that are to come with those that shall come after.
Ecclesiastes 1:12	I the Preacher was king over Israel in Jerusalem.
Ecclesiastes 1:13	And I gave my heart to seek and search out by wisdom concerning all things that are done under heaven: this sore travail hath God given to the sons of man to be exercised therewith.
Ecclesiastes 1:14	I have seen all the works that are done under the sun; and, behold, all is vanity and vexation of spirit.
Ecclesiastes 1:15	That which is crooked cannot be made straight: and that which is wanting cannot be numbered.
Ecclesiastes 1:16	I communed with mine own heart, saying, Lo, I am come to great estate, and have gotten more wisdom than all they that have been before me in Jerusalem: yea, my heart had great experience of wisdom and knowledge.
Ecclesiastes 1:17	And I gave my heart to know wisdom, and to know madness and folly: I perceived that this also is vexation of spirit.
Ecclesiastes 1:18	For in much wisdom is much grief: and he that increaseth knowledge increaseth sorrow.
Ecclesiastes 2:1	I said in mine heart, Go to now, I will prove thee with mirth, therefore enjoy pleasure: and, behold, this also is vanity.
Ecclesiastes 2:2	I said of laughter, It is mad: and of mirth, What doeth it?
Ecclesiastes 2:3	I sought in mine heart to give myself unto wine, yet acquainting mine heart with wisdom; and to lay hold on folly, till I might see what was that good for the sons of men, which they should do under the heaven all the days of their life.
Ecclesiastes 2:4	I made me great works; I builded me houses; I planted me vineyards:
Ecclesiastes 2:5	I made me gardens and orchards, and I planted trees in them of all kind of fruits:
Ecclesiastes 2:6	I made me pools of water, to water therewith the wood that bringeth forth trees:
Ecclesiastes 2:7	I got me servants and maidens, and had servants born in my house; also I had great possessions of great and small cattle above all that were in Jerusalem before me:
Ecclesiastes 2:8	I gathered me also silver and gold, and the peculiar treasure of kings and of the provinces: I gat me men singers and women singers, and the delights of the sons of men, as musical instruments, and that of all sorts.
Ecclesiastes 2:9	So I was great, and increased more than all that were before me in Jerusalem: also my wisdom remained with me.
Ecclesiastes 2:10	And whatsoever mine eyes desired I kept not from them, I withheld not my heart from any joy; for my heart rejoiced in all my labour: and this was my portion of all my labour.
Ecclesiastes 2:11	Then I looked on all the works that my hands had wrought, and on the labour that I had laboured to do: and, behold, all was vanity and vexation of spirit, and there was no profit under the sun.
Ecclesiastes 2:12	And I turned myself to behold wisdom, and madness, and folly: for what can the man do that cometh after the king? even that which hath been already done.
Ecclesiastes 2:13	Then I saw that wisdom excelleth folly, as far as light excelleth darkness.
Ecclesiastes 2:14	The wise man's eyes are in his head; but the fool walketh in darkness: and I myself perceived also that one event happeneth to them all.
Ecclesiastes 2:15	Then said I in my heart, As it happeneth to the fool, so it happeneth even to me; and why was I then more wise? Then I said in my heart, that this also is vanity.
Ecclesiastes 2:16	For there is no remembrance of the wise more than of the fool for ever; seeing that which now is in the days to come shall all be forgotten. And how dieth the wise man? as the fool.
Ecclesiastes 2:17	Therefore I hated life; because the work that is wrought under the sun is grievous unto me: for all is vanity and vexation of spirit.
