Exodus 21:24	Eye for eye, tooth for tooth, hand for hand, foot for foot,
Exodus 21:25	Burning for burning, wound for wound, stripe for stripe.
Exodus 21:26	And if a man smite the eye of his servant, or the eye of his maid, that it perish; he shall let him go free for his eye's sake.
Exodus 21:27	And if he smite out his manservant's tooth, or his maidservant's tooth; he shall let him go free for his tooth's sake.
Exodus 21:28	If an ox gore a man or a woman, that they die: then the ox shall be surely stoned, and his flesh shall not be eaten; but the owner of the ox shall be quit.
Exodus 21:29	But if the ox were wont to push with his horn in time past, and it hath been testified to his owner, and he hath not kept him in, but that he hath killed a man or a woman; the ox shall be stoned, and his owner also shall be put to death.
Exodus 21:30	If there be laid on him a sum of money, then he shall give for the ransom of his life whatsoever is laid upon him.
Exodus 21:31	Whether he have gored a son, or have gored a daughter, according to this judgment shall it be done unto him.
Exodus 21:32	If the ox shall push a manservant or a maidservant; he shall give unto their master thirty shekels of silver, and the ox shall be stoned.
Exodus 21:33	And if a man shall open a pit, or if a man shall dig a pit, and not cover it, and an ox or an ass fall therein;
Exodus 21:34	The owner of the pit shall make it good, and give money unto the owner of them; and the dead beast shall be his.
Exodus 21:35	And if one man's ox hurt another's, that he die; then they shall sell the live ox, and divide the money of it; and the dead ox also they shall divide.
Exodus 21:36	Or if it be known that the ox hath used to push in time past, and his owner hath not kept him in; he shall surely pay ox for ox; and the dead shall be his own.
Exodus 22:1	If a man shall steal an ox, or a sheep, and kill it, or sell it; he shall restore five oxen for an ox, and four sheep for a sheep.
Exodus 22:2	If a thief be found breaking up, and be smitten that he die, there shall no blood be shed for him.
Exodus 22:3	If the sun be risen upon him, there shall be blood shed for him; for he should make full restitution; if he have nothing, then he shall be sold for his theft.
Exodus 22:4	If the theft be certainly found in his hand alive, whether it be ox, or ass, or sheep; he shall restore double.
Exodus 22:5	If a man shall cause a field or vineyard to be eaten, and shall put in his beast, and shall feed in another man's field; of the best of his own field, and of the best of his own vineyard, shall he make restitution.
Exodus 22:6	If fire break out, and catch in thorns, so that the stacks of corn, or the standing corn, or the field, be consumed therewith; he that kindled the fire shall surely make restitution.
Exodus 22:7	If a man shall deliver unto his neighbor money or stuff to keep, and it be stolen out of the man's house; if the thief be found, let him pay double.
Exodus 22:8	If the thief be not found, then the master of the house shall be brought unto the judges, to see whether he have put his hand unto his neighbor's goods.
Exodus 22:9	For all manner of trespass, whether it be for ox, for ass, for sheep, for raiment, or for any manner of lost thing which another challengeth to be his, the cause of both parties shall come before the judges; and whom the judges shall condemn, he shall pay double unto his neighbor.
Exodus 22:10	If a man deliver unto his neighbor an ass, or an ox, or a sheep, or any beast, to keep; and it die, or be hurt, or driven away, no man seeing it:
Exodus 22:11	Then shall an oath of the LORD be between them both, that he hath not put his hand unto his neighbor's goods; and the owner of it shall accept thereof, and he shall not make it good.
Exodus 22:12	And if it be stolen from him, he shall make restitution unto the owner thereof.
Exodus 22:13	If it be torn in pieces, then let him bring it for witness, and he shall not make good that which was torn.
Exodus 22:14	And if a man borrow ought of his neighbor, and it be hurt, or die, the owner thereof being not with it, he shall surely make it good.
Exodus 22:15	But if the owner thereof be with it, he shall not make it good: if it be an hired thing, it came for his hire.
Exodus 22:16	And if a man entice a maid that is not betrothed, and lie with her, he shall surely endow her to be his wife.
Exodus 22:17	If her father utterly refuse to give her unto him, he shall pay money according to the dowry of virgins.
Exodus 22:18	Thou shalt not suffer a witch to live.
Exodus 22:19	Whosoever lieth with a beast shall surely be put to death.
Exodus 22:20	He that sacrificeth unto any god, save unto the LORD only, he shall be utterly destroyed.
Exodus 22:21	Thou shalt neither vex a stranger, nor oppress him: for ye were strangers in the land of Egypt.
Exodus 22:22	Ye shall not afflict any widow, or fatherless child.
Exodus 22:23	If thou afflict them in any wise, and they cry at all unto me, I will surely hear their cry;
Exodus 22:24	And my wrath shall wax hot, and I will kill you with the sword; and your wives shall be widows, and your children fatherless.
Exodus 22:25	If thou lend money to any of my people that is poor by thee, thou shalt not be to him as an usurer, neither shalt thou lay upon him usury.
Exodus 22:26	If thou at all take thy neighbor's raiment to pledge, thou shalt deliver it unto him by that the sun goeth down:
Exodus 22:27	For that is his covering only, it is his raiment for his skin: wherein shall he sleep? and it shall come to pass, when he crieth unto me, that I will hear; for I am gracious.
Exodus 22:28	Thou shalt not revile the gods, nor curse the ruler of thy people.
Exodus 22:29	Thou shalt not delay to offer the first of thy ripe fruits, and of thy liquors: the firstborn of thy sons shalt thou give unto me.
Exodus 22:30	Likewise shalt thou do with thine oxen, and with thy sheep: seven days it shall be with his dam; on the eighth day thou shalt give it me.
Exodus 22:31	And ye shall be holy men unto me: neither shall ye eat any flesh that is torn of beasts in the field; ye shall cast it to the dogs.
Exodus 23:1	Thou shalt not raise a false report: put not thine hand with the wicked to be an unrighteous witness.
Exodus 23:2	Thou shalt not follow a multitude to do evil; neither shalt thou speak in a cause to decline after many to wrest judgment:
Exodus 23:3	Neither shalt thou countenance a poor man in his cause.
Exodus 23:4	If thou meet thine enemy's ox or his ass going astray, thou shalt surely bring it back to him again.
Exodus 23:5	If thou see the ass of him that hateth thee lying under his burden, and wouldest forbear to help him, thou shalt surely help with him.
Exodus 23:6	Thou shalt not wrest the judgment of thy poor in his cause.
