Exodus 26:16	Ten cubits shall be the length of a board, and a cubit and a half shall be the breadth of one board.
Exodus 26:17	Two tenons shall there be in one board, set in order one against another: thus shalt thou make for all the boards of the tabernacle.
Exodus 26:18	And thou shalt make the boards for the tabernacle, twenty boards on the south side southward.
Exodus 26:19	And thou shalt make forty sockets of silver under the twenty boards; two sockets under one board for his two tenons, and two sockets under another board for his two tenons.
Exodus 26:20	And for the second side of the tabernacle on the north side there shall be twenty boards:
Exodus 26:21	And their forty sockets of silver; two sockets under one board, and two sockets under another board.
Exodus 26:22	And for the sides of the tabernacle westward thou shalt make six boards.
Exodus 26:23	And two boards shalt thou make for the corners of the tabernacle in the two sides.
Exodus 26:24	And they shall be coupled together beneath, and they shall be coupled together above the head of it unto one ring: thus shall it be for them both; they shall be for the two corners.
Exodus 26:25	And they shall be eight boards, and their sockets of silver, sixteen sockets; two sockets under one board, and two sockets under another board.
Exodus 26:26	And thou shalt make bars of shittim wood; five for the boards of the one side of the tabernacle,
Exodus 26:27	And five bars for the boards of the other side of the tabernacle, and five bars for the boards of the side of the tabernacle, for the two sides westward.
Exodus 26:28	And the middle bar in the midst of the boards shall reach from end to end.
Exodus 26:29	And thou shalt overlay the boards with gold, and make their rings of gold for places for the bars: and thou shalt overlay the bars with gold.
Exodus 26:30	And thou shalt rear up the tabernacle according to the fashion thereof which was showed thee in the mount.
Exodus 26:31	And thou shalt make a vail of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen of cunning work: with cherubim shall it be made:
Exodus 26:32	And thou shalt hang it upon four pillars of shittim wood overlaid with gold: their hooks shall be of gold, upon the four sockets of silver.
Exodus 26:33	And thou shalt hang up the vail under the taches, that thou mayest bring in thither within the vail the ark of the testimony: and the vail shall divide unto you between the holy place and the most holy.
Exodus 26:34	And thou shalt put the mercy seat upon the ark of the testimony in the most holy place.
Exodus 26:35	And thou shalt set the table without the vail, and the candlestick over against the table on the side of the tabernacle toward the south: and thou shalt put the table on the north side.
Exodus 26:36	And thou shalt make an hanging for the door of the tent, of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen, wrought with needlework.
Exodus 26:37	And thou shalt make for the hanging five pillars of shittim wood, and overlay them with gold, and their hooks shall be of gold: and thou shalt cast five sockets of brass for them.
Exodus 27:1	And thou shalt make an altar of shittim wood, five cubits long, and five cubits broad; the altar shall be foursquare: and the height thereof shall be three cubits.
Exodus 27:2	And thou shalt make the horns of it upon the four corners thereof: his horns shall be of the same: and thou shalt overlay it with brass.
Exodus 27:3	And thou shalt make his pans to receive his ashes, and his shovels, and his basins, and his fleshhooks, and his firepans: all the vessels thereof thou shalt make of brass.
Exodus 27:4	And thou shalt make for it a grate of network of brass; and upon the net shalt thou make four brazen rings in the four corners thereof.
Exodus 27:5	And thou shalt put it under the compass of the altar beneath, that the net may be even to the midst of the altar.
Exodus 27:6	And thou shalt make staves for the altar, staves of shittim wood, and overlay them with brass.
Exodus 27:7	And the staves shall be put into the rings, and the staves shall be upon the two sides of the altar, to bear it.
Exodus 27:8	Hollow with boards shalt thou make it: as it was showed thee in the mount, so shall they make it.
Exodus 27:9	And thou shalt make the court of the tabernacle: for the south side southward there shall be hangings for the court of fine twined linen of an hundred cubits long for one side:
Exodus 27:10	And the twenty pillars thereof and their twenty sockets shall be of brass; the hooks of the pillars and their fillets shall be of silver.
Exodus 27:11	And likewise for the north side in length there shall be hangings of an hundred cubits long, and his twenty pillars and their twenty sockets of brass; the hooks of the pillars and their fillets of silver.
Exodus 27:12	And for the breadth of the court on the west side shall be hangings of fifty cubits: their pillars ten, and their sockets ten.
Exodus 27:13	And the breadth of the court on the east side eastward shall be fifty cubits.
Exodus 27:14	The hangings of one side of the gate shall be fifteen cubits: their pillars three, and their sockets three.
Exodus 27:15	And on the other side shall be hangings fifteen cubits: their pillars three, and their sockets three.
Exodus 27:16	And for the gate of the court shall be an hanging of twenty cubits, of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen, wrought with needlework: and their pillars shall be four, and their sockets four.
Exodus 27:17	All the pillars round about the court shall be filleted with silver; their hooks shall be of silver, and their sockets of brass.
Exodus 27:18	The length of the court shall be an hundred cubits, and the breadth fifty every where, and the height five cubits of fine twined linen, and their sockets of brass.
Exodus 27:19	All the vessels of the tabernacle in all the service thereof, and all the pins thereof, and all the pins of the court, shall be of brass.
Exodus 27:20	And thou shalt command the children of Israel, that they bring thee pure oil olive beaten for the light, to cause the lamp to burn always.
Exodus 27:21	In the tabernacle of the congregation without the vail, which is before the testimony, Aaron and his sons shall order it from evening to morning before the LORD: it shall be a statute for ever unto their generations on the behalf of the children of Israel.
Exodus 28:1	And take thou unto thee Aaron thy brother, and his sons with him, from among the children of Israel, that he may minister unto me in the priest's office, even Aaron, Nadab and Abihu, Eleazar and Ithamar, Aaron's sons.
Exodus 28:2	And thou shalt make holy garments for Aaron thy brother for glory and for beauty.
Exodus 28:3	And thou shalt speak unto all that are wise hearted, whom I have filled with the spirit of wisdom, that they may make Aaron's garments to consecrate him, that he may minister unto me in the priest's office.
Exodus 28:4	And these are the garments which they shall make; a breastplate, and an ephod, and a robe, and a broidered coat, a mitre, and a girdle: and they shall make holy garments for Aaron thy brother, and his sons, that he may minister unto me in the priest's office.
Exodus 28:5	And they shall take gold, and blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine linen.
Exodus 28:6	And they shall make the ephod of gold, of blue, and of purple, of scarlet, and fine twined linen, with cunning work.
Exodus 28:7	It shall have the two shoulderpieces thereof joined at the two edges thereof; and so it shall be joined together.
