John 6:44	No man can come to me, except the Father which hath sent me draw him: and I will raise him up at the last day.
John 6:45	It is written in the prophets, And they shall be all taught of God. Every man therefore that hath heard, and hath learned of the Father, cometh unto me.
John 6:46	Not that any man hath seen the Father, save he which is of God, he hath seen the Father.
John 6:47	Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me hath everlasting life.
John 6:48	I am that bread of life.
John 6:49	Your fathers did eat manna in the wilderness, and are dead.
John 6:50	This is the bread which cometh down from heaven, that a man may eat thereof, and not die.
John 6:51	I am the living bread which came down from heaven: if any man eat of this bread, he shall live for ever: and the bread that I will give is my flesh, which I will give for the life of the world.
John 6:52	The Jews therefore strove among themselves, saying, How can this man give us his flesh to eat?
John 6:53	Then Jesus said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Except ye eat the flesh of the Son of man, and drink his blood, ye have no life in you.
John 6:54	Whoso eateth my flesh, and drinketh my blood, hath eternal life; and I will raise him up at the last day.
John 6:55	For my flesh is meat indeed, and my blood is drink indeed.
John 6:56	He that eateth my flesh, and drinketh my blood, dwelleth in me, and I in him.
John 6:57	As the living Father hath sent me, and I live by the Father: so he that eateth me, even he shall live by me.
John 6:58	This is that bread which came down from heaven: not as your fathers did eat manna, and are dead: he that eateth of this bread shall live for ever.
John 6:59	These things said he in the synagogue, as he taught in Capernaum.
John 6:60	Many therefore of his disciples, when they had heard this, said, This is an hard saying; who can hear it?
John 6:61	When Jesus knew in himself that his disciples murmured at it, he said unto them, Doth this offend you?
John 6:62	What and if ye shall see the Son of man ascend up where he was before?
John 6:63	It is the spirit that quickeneth; the flesh profiteth nothing: the words that I speak unto you, they are spirit, and they are life.
John 6:64	But there are some of you that believe not. For Jesus knew from the beginning who they were that believed not, and who should betray him.
John 6:65	And he said, Therefore said I unto you, that no man can come unto me, except it were given unto him of my Father.
John 6:66	From that time many of his disciples went back, and walked no more with him.
John 6:67	Then said Jesus unto the twelve, Will ye also go away?
John 6:68	Then Simon Peter answered him, Lord, to whom shall we go? thou hast the words of eternal life.
John 6:69	And we believe and are sure that thou art that Christ, the Son of the living God.
John 6:70	Jesus answered them, Have not I chosen you twelve, and one of you is a devil?
John 6:71	He spake of Judas Iscariot the son of Simon: for he it was that should betray him, being one of the twelve.
John 7:1	After these things Jesus walked in Galilee: for he would not walk in Jewry, because the Jews sought to kill him.
John 7:2	Now the Jew's feast of tabernacles was at hand.
John 7:3	His brethren therefore said unto him, Depart hence, and go into Judaea, that thy disciples also may see the works that thou doest.
John 7:4	For there is no man that doeth any thing in secret, and he himself seeketh to be known openly. If thou do these things, shew thyself to the world.
John 7:5	For neither did his brethren believe in him.
John 7:6	Then Jesus said unto them, My time is not yet come: but your time is alway ready.
John 7:7	The world cannot hate you; but me it hateth, because I testify of it, that the works thereof are evil.
John 7:8	Go ye up unto this feast: I go not up yet unto this feast: for my time is not yet full come.
John 7:9	When he had said these words unto them, he abode still in Galilee.
John 7:10	But when his brethren were gone up, then went he also up unto the feast, not openly, but as it were in secret.
John 7:11	Then the Jews sought him at the feast, and said, Where is he?
John 7:12	And there was much murmuring among the people concerning him: for some said, He is a good man: others said, Nay; but he deceiveth the people.
John 7:13	Howbeit no man spake openly of him for fear of the Jews.
John 7:14	Now about the midst of the feast Jesus went up into the temple, and taught.
John 7:15	And the Jews marvelled, saying, How knoweth this man letters, having never learned?
John 7:16	Jesus answered them, and said, My doctrine is not mine, but his that sent me.
John 7:17	If any man will do his will, he shall know of the doctrine, whether it be of God, or whether I speak of myself.
John 7:18	He that speaketh of himself seeketh his own glory: but he that seeketh his glory that sent him, the same is true, and no unrighteousness is in him.
John 7:19	Did not Moses give you the law, and yet none of you keepeth the law? Why go ye about to kill me?
John 7:20	The people answered and said, Thou hast a devil: who goeth about to kill thee?
John 7:21	Jesus answered and said unto them, I have done one work, and ye all marvel.
John 7:22	Moses therefore gave unto you circumcision; (not because it is of Moses, but of the fathers;) and ye on the sabbath day circumcise a man.
