1 Corinthians 4:18	Now some are puffed up, as though I would not come to you.
1 Corinthians 4:19	But I will come to you shortly, if the Lord will, and will know, not the speech of them which are puffed up, but the power.
1 Corinthians 4:20	For the kingdom of God is not in word, but in power.
1 Corinthians 4:21	What will ye? shall I come unto you with a rod, or in love, and in the spirit of meekness?
1 Corinthians 5:1	It is reported commonly that there is fornication among you, and such fornication as is not so much as named among the Gentiles, that one should have his father's wife.
1 Corinthians 5:2	And ye are puffed up, and have not rather mourned, that he that hath done this deed might be taken away from among you.
1 Corinthians 5:3	For I verily, as absent in body, but present in spirit, have judged already, as though I were present, concerning him that hath so done this deed,
1 Corinthians 5:4	In the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, when ye are gathered together, and my spirit, with the power of our Lord Jesus Christ,
1 Corinthians 5:5	To deliver such an one unto Satan for the destruction of the flesh, that the spirit may be saved in the day of the Lord Jesus.
1 Corinthians 5:6	Your glorying is not good. Know ye not that a little leaven leaveneth the whole lump?
1 Corinthians 5:7	Purge out therefore the old leaven, that ye may be a new lump, as ye are unleavened. For even Christ our passover is sacrificed for us:
1 Corinthians 5:8	Therefore let us keep the feast, not with old leaven, neither with the leaven of malice and wickedness; but with the unleavened bread of sincerity and truth.
1 Corinthians 5:9	I wrote unto you in an epistle not to company with fornicators:
1 Corinthians 5:10	Yet not altogether with the fornicators of this world, or with the covetous, or extortioners, or with idolaters; for then must ye needs go out of the world.
1 Corinthians 5:11	But now I have written unto you not to keep company, if any man that is called a brother be a fornicator, or covetous, or an idolater, or a railer, or a drunkard, or an extortioner; with such an one no not to eat.
1 Corinthians 5:12	For what have I to do to judge them also that are without? do not ye judge them that are within?
1 Corinthians 5:13	But them that are without God judgeth. Therefore put away from among yourselves that wicked person.
1 Corinthians 6:1	Dare any of you, having a matter against another, go to law before the unjust, and not before the saints?
1 Corinthians 6:2	Do ye not know that the saints shall judge the world? and if the world shall be judged by you, are ye unworthy to judge the smallest matters?
1 Corinthians 6:3	Know ye not that we shall judge angels? how much more things that pertain to this life?
1 Corinthians 6:4	If then ye have judgments of things pertaining to this life, set them to judge who are least esteemed in the church.
1 Corinthians 6:5	I speak to your shame. Is it so, that there is not a wise man among you? no, not one that shall be able to judge between his brethren?
1 Corinthians 6:6	But brother goeth to law with brother, and that before the unbelievers.
1 Corinthians 6:7	Now therefore there is utterly a fault among you, because ye go to law one with another. Why do ye not rather take wrong? why do ye not rather suffer yourselves to be defrauded?
1 Corinthians 6:8	Nay, ye do wrong, and defraud, and that your brethren.
1 Corinthians 6:9	Know ye not that the unrighteous shall not inherit the kingdom of God? Be not deceived: neither fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor effeminate, nor abusers of themselves with mankind,
1 Corinthians 6:10	Nor thieves, nor covetous, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor extortioners, shall inherit the kingdom of God.
1 Corinthians 6:11	And such were some of you: but ye are washed, but ye are sanctified, but ye are justified in the name of the Lord Jesus, and by the Spirit of our God.
1 Corinthians 6:12	All things are lawful unto me, but all things are not expedient: all things are lawful for me, but I will not be brought under the power of any.
1 Corinthians 6:13	Meats for the belly, and the belly for meats: but God shall destroy both it and them. Now the body is not for fornication, but for the Lord; and the Lord for the body.
1 Corinthians 6:14	And God hath both raised up the Lord, and will also raise up us by his own power.
1 Corinthians 6:15	Know ye not that your bodies are the members of Christ? shall I then take the members of Christ, and make them the members of an harlot? God forbid.
1 Corinthians 6:16	What? know ye not that he which is joined to an harlot is one body? for two, saith he, shall be one flesh.
1 Corinthians 6:17	But he that is joined unto the Lord is one spirit.
1 Corinthians 6:18	Flee fornication. Every sin that a man doeth is without the body; but he that committeth fornication sinneth against his own body.
1 Corinthians 6:19	What? know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost which is in you, which ye have of God, and ye are not your own?
1 Corinthians 6:20	For ye are bought with a price: therefore glorify God in your body, and in your spirit, which are God's.
1 Corinthians 7:1	Now concerning the things whereof ye wrote unto me: It is good for a man not to touch a woman.
1 Corinthians 7:2	Nevertheless, to avoid fornication, let every man have his own wife, and let every woman have her own husband.
1 Corinthians 7:3	Let the husband render unto the wife due benevolence: and likewise also the wife unto the husband.
1 Corinthians 7:4	The wife hath not power of her own body, but the husband: and likewise also the husband hath not power of his own body, but the wife.
1 Corinthians 7:5	Defraud ye not one the other, except it be with consent for a time, that ye may give yourselves to fasting and prayer; and come together again, that Satan tempt you not for your incontinency.
1 Corinthians 7:6	But I speak this by permission, and not of commandment.
1 Corinthians 7:7	For I would that all men were even as I myself. But every man hath his proper gift of God, one after this manner, and another after that.
1 Corinthians 7:8	I say therefore to the unmarried and widows, It is good for them if they abide even as I.
1 Corinthians 7:9	But if they cannot contain, let them marry: for it is better to marry than to burn.
1 Corinthians 7:10	And unto the married I command, yet not I, but the Lord, Let not the wife depart from her husband:
1 Corinthians 7:11	But and if she depart, let her remain unmarried or be reconciled to her husband: and let not the husband put away his wife.
1 Corinthians 7:12	But to the rest speak I, not the Lord: If any brother hath a wife that believeth not, and she be pleased to dwell with him, let him not put her away.
1 Corinthians 7:13	And the woman which hath an husband that believeth not, and if he be pleased to dwell with her, let her not leave him.
