Colossians 2:7	Rooted and built up in him, and stablished in the faith, as ye have been taught, abounding therein with thanksgiving.
Colossians 2:8	Beware lest any man spoil you through philosophy and vain deceit, after the tradition of men, after the rudiments of the world, and not after Christ.
Colossians 2:9	For in him dwelleth all the fulness of the Godhead bodily.
Colossians 2:10	And ye are complete in him, which is the head of all principality and power:
Colossians 2:11	In whom also ye are circumcised with the circumcision made without hands, in putting off the body of the sins of the flesh by the circumcision of Christ:
Colossians 2:12	Buried with him in baptism, wherein also ye are risen with him through the faith of the operation of God, who hath raised him from the dead.
Colossians 2:13	And you, being dead in your sins and the uncircumcision of your flesh, hath he quickened together with him, having forgiven you all trespasses;
Colossians 2:14	Blotting out the handwriting of ordinances that was against us, which was contrary to us, and took it out of the way, nailing it to his cross;
Colossians 2:15	And having spoiled principalities and powers, he made a shew of them openly, triumphing over them in it.
Colossians 2:16	Let no man therefore judge you in meat, or in drink, or in respect of an holyday, or of the new moon, or of the sabbath days:
Colossians 2:17	Which are a shadow of things to come; but the body is of Christ.
Colossians 2:18	Let no man beguile you of your reward in a voluntary humility and worshipping of angels, intruding into those things which he hath not seen, vainly puffed up by his fleshly mind,
Colossians 2:19	And not holding the Head, from which all the body by joints and bands having nourishment ministered, and knit together, increaseth with the increase of God.
Colossians 2:20	Wherefore if ye be dead with Christ from the rudiments of the world, why, as though living in the world, are ye subject to ordinances,
Colossians 2:21	(Touch not; taste not; handle not;
Colossians 2:22	Which all are to perish with the using;) after the commandments and doctrines of men?
Colossians 2:23	Which things have indeed a shew of wisdom in will worship, and humility, and neglecting of the body: not in any honour to the satisfying of the flesh.
Colossians 3:1	If ye then be risen with Christ, seek those things which are above, where Christ sitteth on the right hand of God.
Colossians 3:2	Set your affection on things above, not on things on the earth.
Colossians 3:3	For ye are dead, and your life is hid with Christ in God.
Colossians 3:4	When Christ, who is our life, shall appear, then shall ye also appear with him in glory.
Colossians 3:5	Mortify therefore your members which are upon the earth; fornication, uncleanness, inordinate affection, evil concupiscence, and covetousness, which is idolatry:
Colossians 3:6	For which things' sake the wrath of God cometh on the children of disobedience:
Colossians 3:7	In the which ye also walked some time, when ye lived in them.
Colossians 3:8	But now ye also put off all these; anger, wrath, malice, blasphemy, filthy communication out of your mouth.
Colossians 3:9	Lie not one to another, seeing that ye have put off the old man with his deeds;
Colossians 3:10	And have put on the new man, which is renewed in knowledge after the image of him that created him:
Colossians 3:11	Where there is neither Greek nor Jew, circumcision nor uncircumcision, Barbarian, Scythian, bond nor free: but Christ is all, and in all.
Colossians 3:12	Put on therefore, as the elect of God, holy and beloved, bowels of mercies, kindness, humbleness of mind, meekness, longsuffering;
Colossians 3:13	Forbearing one another, and forgiving one another, if any man have a quarrel against any: even as Christ forgave you, so also do ye.
Colossians 3:14	And above all these things put on charity, which is the bond of perfectness.
Colossians 3:15	And let the peace of God rule in your hearts, to the which also ye are called in one body; and be ye thankful.
Colossians 3:16	Let the word of Christ dwell in you richly in all wisdom; teaching and admonishing one another in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing with grace in your hearts to the Lord.
Colossians 3:17	And whatsoever ye do in word or deed, do all in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God and the Father by him.
Colossians 3:18	Wives, submit yourselves unto your own husbands, as it is fit in the Lord.
Colossians 3:19	Husbands, love your wives, and be not bitter against them.
Colossians 3:20	Children, obey your parents in all things: for this is well pleasing unto the Lord.
Colossians 3:21	Fathers, provoke not your children to anger, lest they be discouraged.
Colossians 3:22	Servants, obey in all things your masters according to the flesh; not with eyeservice, as menpleasers; but in singleness of heart, fearing God;
Colossians 3:23	And whatsoever ye do, do it heartily, as to the Lord, and not unto men;
Colossians 3:24	Knowing that of the Lord ye shall receive the reward of the inheritance: for ye serve the Lord Christ.
Colossians 3:25	But he that doeth wrong shall receive for the wrong which he hath done: and there is no respect of persons.
Colossians 4:1	Masters, give unto your servants that which is just and equal; knowing that ye also have a Master in heaven.
Colossians 4:2	Continue in prayer, and watch in the same with thanksgiving;
Colossians 4:3	Withal praying also for us, that God would open unto us a door of utterance, to speak the mystery of Christ, for which I am also in bonds:
Colossians 4:4	That I may make it manifest, as I ought to speak.
Colossians 4:5	Walk in wisdom toward them that are without, redeeming the time.
Colossians 4:6	Let your speech be alway with grace, seasoned with salt, that ye may know how ye ought to answer every man.
Colossians 4:7	All my state shall Tychicus declare unto you, who is a beloved brother, and a faithful minister and fellowservant in the Lord:
Colossians 4:8	Whom I have sent unto you for the same purpose, that he might know your estate, and comfort your hearts;
