  "Fie, fie," he says, "you crush me. Let me go.
  You have no reason to withhold me so."

"Thou hadst been gone," quoth she, "sweet boy, ere this,
But that thou toldst me thou wouldst hunt the boar.
O, be advised! Thou know'st not what it is
With javelin's point a churlish swine to gore,
  Whose tushes, never sheathed, he whetteth still
  Like to a mortal butcher bent to kill.

"On his bow-back he hath a battle set
Of bristly pikes that ever threat his foes.
His eyes like glowworms shine when he doth fret.
His snout digs sepulchers where'er he goes.
  Being moved, he strikes whate'er is in his way,
  And whom he strikes his crooked tushes slay.

"His brawny sides, with hairy bristles armed,
Are better proof than thy spear's point can enter.
His short thick neck cannot be easily harmed.
Being ireful, on the lion he will venter.
  The thorny brambles and embracing bushes,
  As fearful of him, part, through whom he rushes.

"Alas, he naught esteems that face of thine,
To which Love's eyes pays tributary gazes,
Nor thy soft hands, sweet lips, and crystal eyne,
Whose full perfection all the world amazes;
  But having thee at vantage--wondrous dread!--
  Would root these beauties as he roots the mead.

"O, let him keep his loathsome cabin still!
Beauty hath naught to do with such foul fiends.
Come not within his danger by thy will.
They that thrive well take counsel of their friends.
  When thou didst name the boar, not to dissemble,
  I feared thy fortune, and my joints did tremble.

"Didst thou not mark my face? Was it not white?
Sawest thou not signs of fear lurk in mine eye?
Grew I not faint, and fell I not downright?
Within my bosom, whereon thou dost lie,
  My boding heart pants, beats, and takes no rest,
  But, like an earthquake, shakes thee on my breast.

"For where Love reigns, disturbing Jealousy
Doth call himself Affection's sentinel,
Gives false alarms, suggesteth mutiny,
And in a peaceful hour doth cry "Kill, kill!"
  Distemp'ring gentle Love in his desire
