that hath his father slayne. Also for a man to slee his owne wyfe, it is punished with sharper deathe, then to slee father or mother, and worthely. For nature maketh fa∣ther and mother, a wyfe is the mi∣stery of god. & I thinke that he can not be with sufficient punishment vexed, which was so hardy to slee his helpe, comforte, and succour, and his companion to lyue with, gyuen to hym by god. For he is cruell vpon the gyfte of god, wic∣ked agaynste the holy, a defyler of nature, and miurious to god. And therfore also the lawes canon for∣beade hym the felowshyp and com¦pany of men, shut hym forth of the churche, forbeade and take awaye from hym seconde maryages, de∣nye vnto hym the holy sacrament, iudgynge hym vnworthye of the
Page  [unnumbered]
foode of god, whiche was not a∣shamed to offend god, with so ou∣tragious a trespas and mischiefe. But nowe I can not tell by what negligence, and lyttell regarding of iustice & god, the sleers of their wyues, and aduouterers, escape nowe almoste al punishment, and * theues yea for a lyttel faute be hā∣ged vp with ropes, except bycause our iudges be gyuen into repro∣ued sense and vnderstandynge, to make the commaundement of god voyde, for the traditions of man. But nowe lette vs conclude, and make an ende.

¶ Thou therfore who so euer, if thou wylte be a man, if thou wylt not cleane do away man from the, if thou wylt occupie the duetye of manhod before other thynges, if thou wylt be the lawfull sonne of
Page  [unnumbered]
god, if thou wylt be naturall and louyng to thy countrey, to thy fa∣mily, to the common welth if thou wylt possede and enioye the erthe, and deserue heuen, it is necessarye that thou entre the laufull bonde of matrimony, that thou chose for continuance a companion to lyue with, that maye not be separate, that thou encreace mankinde, and as the sonne & image of god, thou procreate chyldren lyke thy selfe. and that thou wyselye and vertu∣ousely nouryshe bring vp and go∣uerne them for the behoufe of the common welthe, mayntenance of thy countrey, and the reuerence of god, whiche gaue them vnto the. He that dothe these thynges, he is a man, he that is a manne, must of necessitie do these thynges, except he wyll brynge forthe by his na∣ture
Page  [unnumbered]
so hyndered, some thyng lesse then a mā, and not worthy of man hode, or elles by clymynge ouer mannes power, wyll chose some thynge greatter then man can do, that is perpetually to kepe a cha∣stitie angelicall. But who so euer is not of one of these two thinges, and as a negligent person, dothe not regarde trewe matrimony, or violate the same, with cloked for∣nication, or put awaye frome hym his companion of lyfe, or slee her, kepe noo company with hym, that he maye be troden downe as repro¦ued of god, and a stranger frō the felowshyp of Christen people.

¶ FINIS.
¶ LONDINI in aedibus Thomae Berthes Ieti typis impress. Cum priuilegio ad imprimen∣dum solum. ANNO. M. D. XL.