stealeth into her chamber, violently ravished her, and early in the
morning speedeth away. Lucrece, in this lamentable plight, hastily
dispatcheth messengers, one to Rome for her father, another to the
camp for Collatine. They came--the one accompanied with Junius
Brutus, the other with Publius Valerius--and, finding Lucrece attired
in mourning habit, demanded the cause of her sorrow. She,
first taking an oath of them for her revenge, revealed the actor and
whole manner of his dealing, and withal suddenly stabbed herself.
Which done, with one consent they all vowed to root out the whole
hated family of the Tarquins; and, bearing the dead body to Rome,
Brutus acquainted the people with the doer and manner of the vile
deed, with a bitter invective against the tyranny of the King, wherewith
the people were so moved that with one consent and a general
acclamation the Tarquins were all exiled and the state government
changed from kings to consuls.



Lucrece


From the besieged Ardea all in post,
Borne by the trustless wings of false desire,
Lust-breathed Tarquin leaves the Roman host
And to Collatium bears the lightless fire
Which, in pale embers hid, lurks to aspire
  And girdle with embracing flames the waist
  Of Collatine's fair love, Lucrece the chaste.

Haply that name of "chaste" unhapp'ly set
This bateless edge on his keen appetite
When Collatine unwisely did not let
To praise the clear unmatched red and white
Which triumphed in that sky of his delight,
  Where mortal stars, as bright as heaven's beauties,
  With pure aspects did him peculiar duties.

For he the night before, in Tarquin's tent,
Unlocked the treasure of his happy state,
What priceless wealth the heavens had him lent
In the possession of his beauteous mate,
Reck'ning his fortune at such high proud rate
  That kings might be espoused to more fame,
  But king nor peer to such a peerless dame.

O, happiness enjoyed but of a few,
And, if possessed, as soon decayed and done
As is the morning's silver melting dew
Against the golden splendor of the sun!
An expired date, canceled ere well begun.
