The very eyes of men through loop-holes thrust,
Gazing upon the Greeks with little lust.
  Such sweet observance in this work was had
  That one might see those far-off eyes look sad.

In great commanders grace and majesty
You might behold, triumphing in their faces;
In youth, quick bearing and dexterity;
And here and there the painter interlaces
Pale cowards marching on with trembling paces,
  Which heartless peasants did so well resemble
  That one would swear he saw them quake and tremble.

In Ajax and Ulysses, O, what art
Of physiognomy might one behold!
The face of either ciphered either's heart,
Their face their manners most expressly told.
In Ajax' eyes blunt rage and rigor rolled,
  But the mild glance that sly Ulysses lent
  Showed deep regard and smiling government.

There pleading might you see grave Nestor stand,
As 'twere encouraging the Greeks to fight,
Making such sober action with his hand
That it beguiled attention, charmed the sight.
In speech, it seemed, his beard, all silver white,
  Wagged up and down, and from his lips did fly
  Thin winding breath, which purled up to the sky.

About him were a press of gaping faces,
Which seemed to swallow up his sound advice,
All jointly list'ning, but with several graces,
As if some mermaid did their ears entice;
Some high, some low, the painter was so nice.
  The scalps of many, almost hid behind,
  To jump up higher seemed, to mock the mind.

Here one man's hand leaned on another's head,
His nose being shadowed by his neighbor's ear;
Here one being thronged bears back, all boll'n and red;
Another, smothered, seems to pelt and swear;
And in their rage such signs of rage they bear
  As, but for loss of Nestor's golden words,
  It seemed they would debate with angry swords.

For much imaginary work was there,
Conceit deceitful, so compact, so kind,
That for Achilles' image stood his spear
Gripped in an armed hand; himself, behind,
Was left unseen, save to the eye of mind.
