Himself on her self-slaughtered body threw,
And from the purple fountain Brutus drew
  The murd'rous knife, and, as it left the place,
  Her blood, in poor revenge, held it in chase;

And, bubbling from her breast, it doth divide
In two slow rivers, that the crimson blood
Circles her body in on every side,
Who, like a late-sacked island, vastly stood
Bare and unpeopled in this fearful flood.
  Some of her blood still pure and red remained,
  And some looked black, and that false Tarquin stained.

About the mourning and congealed face
Of that black blood a wat'ry rigol goes,
Which seems to weep upon the tainted place;
And ever since, as pitying Lucrece' woes,
Corrupted blood some watery token shows,
  And blood untainted still doth red abide,
  Blushing at that which is so putrefied.

"Daughter, dear daughter," old Lucretius cries,
"That life was mine which thou hast here deprived.
If in the child the father's image lies,
Where shall I live now Lucrece is unlived?
Thou wast not to this end from me derived.
  If children predecease progenitors,
  We are their offspring, and they none of ours.

"Poor broken glass, I often did behold
In thy sweet semblance my old age new born,
But now that fair fresh mirror dim and old
Shows me a bare-boned death by time outworn.
O, from thy cheeks my image thou hast torn,
  And shivered all the beauty of my glass,
  That I no more can see what once I was!

"O Time, cease thou thy course and last no longer
If they surcease to be that should survive!
Shall rotten Death make conquest of the stronger
And leave the falt'ring feeble souls alive?
The old bees die, the young possess their hive.
  Then, live, sweet Lucrece, live again and see
  Thy father die, and not thy father thee."

By this starts Collatine as from a dream
And bids Lucretius give his sorrow place,
And then in key-cold Lucrece' bleeding stream
He falls and bathes the pale fear in his face,
And counterfeits to die with her a space,
