He entertained a show so seeming just,
And therein so ensconced his secret evil,
That jealousy itself could not mistrust
False-creeping craft and perjury should thrust
  Into so bright a day such black-faced storms,
  Or blot with hell-born sin such saintlike forms.

The well-skilled workman this mild image drew
For perjured Sinon, whose enchanting story
The credulous old Priam after slew;
Whose words like wildfire burnt the shining glory
Of rich-built Ilion, that the skies were sorry,
  And little stars shot from their fixed places
  When their glass fell wherein they viewed their faces.

This picture she advisedly perused,
And chid the painter for his wondrous skill,
Saying some shape in Sinon's was abused;
So fair a form lodged not a mind so ill.
And still on him she gazed, and gazing still,
  Such signs of truth in his plain face she spied
  That she concludes the picture was belied.

"It cannot be," quoth she, "that so much guile"--
She would have said "can lurk in such a look,"
But Tarquin's shape came in her mind the while
And from her tongue "can lurk" from "cannot" took.
"It cannot be" she in that sense forsook,
  And turned it thus: "It cannot be, I find,
  But such a face should bear a wicked mind.

"For even as subtle Sinon here is painted
So sober sad, so weary, and so mild,
As if with grief or travail he had fainted,
To me came Tarquin armed too, beguiled
With outward honesty, but yet defiled
  With inward vice. As Priam him did cherish,
  So did I Tarquin; so my Troy did perish.

"Look, look how list'ning Priam wets his eyes
To see those borrowed tears that Sinon sheeds!
Priam, why art thou old and yet not wise?
For every tear he falls, a Trojan bleeds.
His eye drops fire, no water thence proceeds;
  Those round clear pearls of his, that move thy pity,
  Are balls of quenchless fire to burn thy city.

"Such devils steal effects from lightless hell,
For Sinon in his fire doth quake with cold,
And in that cold hot-burning fire doth dwell.
