Then where is truth if there be no self-trust?
When shall he think to find a stranger just
  When he himself himself confounds, betrays
  To sland'rous tongues and wretched hateful days?

Now stole upon the time the dead of night,
When heavy sleep had closed up mortal eyes.
No comfortable star did lend his light;
No noise but owls' and wolves' death-boding cries
Now serves the season that they may surprise
  The silly lambs. Pure thoughts are dead and still,
  While Lust and Murder wakes to stain and kill.

And now this lustful lord leapt from his bed,
Throwing his mantle rudely o'er his arm;
Is madly tossed between desire and dread;
Th' one sweetly flatters, th' other feareth harm,
But honest fear, bewitched with lust's foul charm,
  Doth too too oft betake him to retire,
  Beaten away by brainsick rude desire.

His falchion on a flint he softly smiteth,
That from the cold stone sparks of fire do fly,
Whereat a waxen torch forthwith he lighteth,
Which must be lodestar to his lustful eye,
And to the flame thus speaks advisedly:
  "As from this cold flint I enforced this fire,
  So Lucrece must I force to my desire."

Here pale with fear he doth premeditate
The dangers of his loathsome enterprise,
And in his inward mind he doth debate
What following sorrow may on this arise.
Then, looking scornfully, he doth despise
  His naked armor of still-slaughtered lust
  And justly thus controls his thoughts unjust:

"Fair torch, burn out thy light, and lend it not
To darken her whose light excelleth thine.
And die, unhallowed thoughts, before you blot
With your uncleanness that which is divine.
Offer pure incense to so pure a shrine.
  Let fair humanity abhor the deed
  That spots and stains love's modest snow-white weed.

"O, shame to knighthood and to shining arms!
O, foul dishonor to my household's grave!
O, impious act including all foul harms!
A martial man to be soft fancy's slave!
True valor still a true respect should have.
