  As from a mountain spring that feeds a dale,
  Shall gush pure streams to purge my impure tale."

By this, lamenting Philomel had ended
The well-tuned warble of her nightly sorrow,
And solemn night with slow sad gait descended
To ugly hell, when, lo, the blushing morrow
Lends light to all fair eyes that light will borrow.
  But cloudy Lucrece shames herself to see
  And therefore still in night would cloistered be.

Revealing day through every cranny spies
And seems to point her out where she sits weeping,
To whom she sobbing speaks: "O eye of eyes,
Why pry'st thou through my window? Leave thy peeping.
Mock with thy tickling beams eyes that are sleeping.
  Brand not my forehead with thy piercing light,
  For day hath naught to do what's done by night."

Thus cavils she with everything she sees.
True grief is fond and testy as a child,
Who, wayward once, his mood with naught agrees.
Old woes, not infant sorrows, bear them mild:
Continuance tames the one; the other, wild,
  Like an unpracticed swimmer plunging still
  With too much labor drowns for want of skill.

So she, deep drenched in a sea of care,
Holds disputation with each thing she views
And to herself all sorrow doth compare;
No object but her passion's strength renews,
And as one shifts, another straight ensues.
  Sometimes her grief is dumb and hath no words;
  Sometimes 'tis mad and too much talk affords.

The little birds that tune their morning's joy
Make her moans mad with their sweet melody,
For mirth doth search the bottom of annoy;
Sad souls are slain in merry company.
Grief best is pleased with grief's society;
  True sorrow then is feelingly sufficed
  When with like semblance it is sympathized.

'Tis double death to drown in ken of shore;
He ten times pines that pines beholding food;
To see the salve doth make the wound ache more;
Great grief grieves most at that would do it good.
Deep woes roll forward like a gentle flood,
  Who, being stopped, the bounding banks o'erflows;
  Grief dallied with nor law nor limit knows.
