When this prayer is done, the Biſhop with the Priees preſent ſhal lay their
hands ſeuerally vpon the head of euery one that receiueth Orders. The
Receiuers humbly kneeling vpon their knees, and the Biſhop ſaying,
Eceiue the holy Gho¥, whoƒe ƒinnes thou doe¥ fo°giue, they
are fo°giuen: and whoƒe ƒinnes thou doe¥ retaine, thei are retained:
and be thou a faithful diƒpenƒer of the wo°d of god, and of his
holy Sacraments. In the name of the Father, and of the Sonne,
and of the holy Gho¥. Amen.
The Biſhop ſhall deliuer to euery one of them the Bible in his hand, ſaying.
Ake thou autho°ity to preach the wo°d of God, and to mini¥er
the holy Sacraments in this Congregation, where thou ƒhalt be ƒo appointed.
When this is done, the Congregation ſhall sing the Creed, and alſo they ſhall goe
to the Communion, which all they that receiue Orders, ſhall take together,
and remaine in the ſame place where the hands were layd vpon them, vntill
ſuch time as they haue receiued the Communion.
The Communion being done, after the la Colle, and immediatly before the
Benediion, ſhall be ſaid this Colle.
O¥ mercifull Father, we beƒeech thee so to ƒend vpon theƒe
thy ƒeruantes thy heauenly ble±ing, that they may bee clad about with all iu¥ice, and that thy wo°d ƒpoken by their mouthes,
may haue ƒuch ƒucce±e, that it may neuer be ƒpoken in vaine. G°ant
alƒo that we may haue grace to heare, and receiue the ƒame as thy
R
T
M 
mo¥ holy wo°d and the meanes of our ƒaluation, that in all our
wo°ds and deeds we may ƒeeke thy glo°y, and the increase of thy
Kingdome, th°ough Jeƒus Ch°i¥ our Lo°d. Amen.
If the Order of Deacon and Priehood, be giuen both vpon one day, then ſhall all
things at the holy Communion bee uſed as they are appointed at the ordering
of Pries, Sauing that for the Epile, the whole third Chapter of the fir to
Timothie ſhall be read, as it is ſet out before in the order of Pries. And
immediatly after the Epile, the Deacons ſhall be ordered. And it ſhall ſuffice
the Letany to be ſaid once.
The Forme of Conſecrating of an
Archbiſhop, or Biſhop.
¶ At the Communion.
The Epile.
His is a true ƒaying, If a man deƒire the office of a
Biƒhop he deƒireth an hone¥ wo°k. A Biƒhop therefo°e
mu¥ be blamele±e, the huƒband of one wife,
diligent, ƒober, diƒcrete, a keeper of hoƒpitality, apt to teach, not giuen to ouermuch wine, no fighter, not
greedy of filthy lucre, but gentle, abho°ring fighting, abho°ring
couetouƒne±e, one that ruleth well his own houƒe, one that hath children
in ƒubiection with all reuerence. Fo° if a man cannot rule his
owne houƒe, how shall he care fo° the Congregation of God? Hee
may not be a yong ƒcholler, le¥ he ƒwell and fall into the iudgement
of the euill speaker. He mu¥ alƒo haue a good repo°t of them which
are without, le¥ he fall into rebuke, and the ƒnare of the euill
ƒpeaker.
The Goſpel.
