Lmighty God, giuer of all good thinge, which of thy great
goodne±e ha¥ vouchƒafed to accept and take theƒe thy ƒeruants vnto the o¤ices of Deacons in thy Church: make them wee beƒeech thee (O Lo°d) to bee mode¥, humble, and con¥ant in their mini-
¥ration, to haue a ready will to obƒerue all ƒpirituall diƒcipline, that
W
W
A
they hauing alwayes the te¥imony of a good conƒcience, and continuing
euer ƒtable and ƒtrong in thy Sonne Chri¥, may ƒo well uƒe themƒelues in this inferiour o¤ice, that they may be found worthy
to bee called vnto the higher mini¥eries in thy Church, th°ough the
ƒame thy Sonne our Sauiour Chri¥, to whom be glory and
honour, wo°ld without end. Amen.
And here it mu bee ſhewed vnto the Deacon that hee mu continue in that
office of a Deacon, the ſpace of a whole yeere at the lea (except for reasonable
cauſes, it bee otherwiſe ſeene to his Ordenary) to the intent hee may be
perfe, and well expert in the things appertaining to the Eccleſiaicall
adminiration, in executing whereof, if he be found faithful and diligent, he
may be admitted by his Dioceſan to the order of Priehood.
¶ The forme of Ordering
of Pries.
When the exhortacion is ended, then ſhall follow the Communion. And for the
Epile ſhall bee read out of the twentieth Chapter of the Aes of the
Apoles as followeth.

Rom Mileto, Paul ƒent me±engers to Epheƒus, and
called the Elders of the Congregation; which when
they were come to him, hee ƒaid unto them. Yee know,
that from the fir± day that I came into Aƒia, after what manner I haue beene with you at all ƒeaƒons, ƒeruiyng the Lo°d with all humblene±e of minde, and with many teares and
temptations which happened vnto me by the layings await of the Jewes, because I would keepe backe nothing that was p°ofitable
vnto you, but to ƒhew you, and teach you openly th°oughout euery
houƒe: witne±ing both to the Jewes, and alƒo to the G°eekes, the
repentance that is toward GOD, and the faith which is toward
our Lord Jeƒus. And now behold, I goe bound in the ƒpirit vnto
Hieruƒalem, not knowing the things that ƒhall come on me there,
but that the holy Gho¥ witne±eth in euery Citie, ƒaying that bands 
and trouble abide mee. But none of theƒe things mooue me, neither
is my life deare vnto my ƒelfe, that I might fulfill my courƒe with ioy and the mini¥ration of the wo°d which I haue receiued of the
Lord Jesu, to te¥ifie the Goƒpel of the grace of God. And now
behold, I am ƒure that hencefo°th yee all (th°ough whom I haue
gone p°eaching the kingdome of God) ƒhall ƒee my face no more.
Wherefore I take you to reco°d this day, that I am pure from the
blood of all men: For I haue ƒpared no labour, but haue ƒhewed you
all the counsell of God. Take heed therefo°e vnto your ƒelues, and
to all the flocke among whom the holy Gho¥ hath made you ouerƒeers, to rule the Congregation of God, which hee hath purchaƒed
with his blood. Fo° I am sure of this, that after my departing,
ƒhall grieuous woolues enter in among you, not ƒparing the
flocke. Mo°eouer, of your owne ƒelues ƒhall men ariƒe, ƒpeaking
peruerƒe things, to d°aw diƒciples after them. Therefo°e awake,
and remember that by the ƒpace of th°ee yeeres I ceaƒed not to
warne euery one of you night and day, with teares.
 And now b°eth°en, I commend you to God, and to the wo°d of his
