The woman ƒhall aunƒwere
I will.

Then ƒhall the Mini¥er ƒay,
Who geueth this woman to be maried to this man?
And the mini¥er receiuing the woman at her father o°
frendes handes: ƒhall cauƒe the man to take the woman by
the right hande, and ƒo either to geue their trouth to other:
The man fir¥ ƒaying.
I N. take thee .N. to my wedded wife, to haue & to holde
from this day fo°warde, fo° better, fo° wurƒe, fo° richer,
fo° poo°er, in ƒickenes, and in health, to loue and to cheriƒhe,
til death vs departe: acco°ding to Goddes holy o°deinaunce:
And therto I plight thee my trouth.
Then ƒhall they looce they° handes, and the woman
taking again the man by the right hande ƒhall ƒay,
I N. take thee .N. to my wedded huƒbande, to haue and to
holde from this day fo°warde, fo° better, fo° woo°ƒe, fo°
richer, fo° poo°er, in ƒickenes, and in health, to loue,
cheriƒhe, and to obey, till death vs departe: acco°dyng to
Goddes holy o°deinaunce: And thereto I geue thee my
trouth.
Then ƒhall they agayne looce they° handes,
and the manne ƒhall geue vnto the womanne a
ring, and other tokens of ƒpouƒage, as golde o°
ƒiluer, laying the ƒame vpon the boke: And the
p°ie¥ taking the ring ƒhall deliuer it vnto the
man: to put it vpon the fowerth finger of the
womans left hande. And the man taught by
the p°ie¥, ƒhall ƒay.
¶ With thys ring I thee wed: Thys golde and ƒiluer I thee
geue: with my body I thee wurƒhip: and withal my wo°ldly
Goodes I thee endowe. In the name of the father, and of
the ƒonne, and of the holy go¥e. Amen. 
Of Matrimonie.
Then the man leauyng the ring vpon the fowerth finger
of the womans lef hande, the mini¥er ƒhal ƒay,
¶ Let vs p°ay.
O Eternal God creato° and p°eƒeruer of al mankinde,
geuer of al ƒpiritual grace, the autho° of euerla¥ing
life: Sende thy ble±ing vpon theƒe thy ƒeruauntes, thys
manne, and this woman, whome we ble±e in thy name, that
as Iƒaac and Rebecca (after b°acellets and Jewels of golde
geuen of thone to thother fo° tokens of their matrimonie)
liued faithfully together; So theƒe perƒons may ƒurely
perfourme and kepe the vowe and couenaunt betwixt them
made, wherof this ring geuen, and receiued, is a token and
pledge. And may euer remayne in perfite loue & peace together;
And lyue acco°dyng to thy lawes; th°ough Jeƒus
Ch°i¥e our lo°de. Amen.
