holy congregacion. Therfo°e thou curƒed ƒpirite, rememb°e
thy ƒentence, rememb°e thy iudgemente, rememb°e the daye
to be at hande, wherin thou ƒhalt burne in fy°e euerla¥ing,
p°epared fo° thee and thy Angels. And p°eƒume not hereafter
to exerciƒe any tyrannye towarde theƒe infantes,
whom Ch°i¥e hathe bought with his p°ecious bloud, and by
this his holy Baptiƒme calleth to be of his flocke.
Then ƒhall the p°ie¥ ƒaye.
The Lo°de be with you.
The people.
And with thy ƒpirite.
The Mini¥er.
¶ Heare nowe the goƒpell written by S. Marke.
Marke x. T a certayne tyme they b°ought child°en to
Ch°i¥e that he ƒhould touche them, and hys
diƒciples rebuked thoƒe that b°ought them.
But when Jeƒus ƒawe it, he was diƒpleaƒed,
and ƒayed vnto them: Suffre lytle child°en
to come vnto me, and fo°byd them not; fo° to ƒuche belongeth
the kingdom of God. Verely I ƒay vnto you: whoƒoeuer
doeth not receyue the kyngdom of God, as a lytle chylde: he
ƒhall not entre therin. And when he had taken them vp in his
armes: he put his handes vpon them, and ble±ed them. 
Publyke Baptiƒme.
After the goƒpell is red, the Mini¥er ƒhall make this b°iefe
exho°tacion vpon the woo°des of the goƒpell.
Rendes you heare in this goƒpell the woo°des of
our Sauiour Ch°i¥e, that he commaunded the
child°en to be b°ought vnto him: howe he blamed
thoƒe that would haue kept them from hym: howe he exho°teth
all men to folowe their innocencie. Ye perceyue
howe by his outwarde ge¥ure and dede he declared his good
wyll towarde them. Fo° he emb°aced them in his armes, he
layed his handes vpon them, and ble±ed them: doubte ye not
therfo°e, but earne¥ly beleue, that he wyll lykewyƒe fauourably
receyue theƒe p°eƒent infantes, that he wyll
emb°ace them, with the arms of his mercy, that he wyll
geue vnto them the ble±yng of etemall lyfe: and make them
partakers of his euerla¥ing kingdome. Wherfo°e we beyng
thus perƒwaded of the good wyll of our heauenly father
towarde theƒe infantes, declared by his ƒonne Jeƒus Ch°i¥e;
And nothyng doubtyng but that he fauourably alloweth this
charitable wo°ke of ours, in b°inging theƒe child°en to his
holy baptiƒme: let vs faythfully and deuoutly geue thankes
vnto him: And ƒay the p°ayer which the Lo°d himƒelfe
taught. And in declaracion of our fayth, let vs alƒo recyte
the articles conteyned in our Crede.
Here the mini¥er with the Godfathers, Godmothers, and
people p°eƒente, ƒhall ƒaye.
Our father whiche art in heauen, halowed bee thy name,
