ƒo ƒet furthe, that all thynges ƒhall bee doen in o°dre, without breakyng one
piece therof from another. Fo° this cauƒe be cut of Anthemes, Reƒpondes,
Inuitato°ies, and ƒuche like thynges, as did b°eake the continuall courƒe of the 
THE PREFACE.
readyng of the ƒcripture. Yet becauƒe there is no remedy, but that of nece±itie
there mu¥ be ƒome rules: therfo°e certein rules are here ƒet furth, whiche as
they be fewe in nomb°e; ƒo they be plain and eaƒy to be vnder¥anded. So yt
here you haue an o°dre fo° p°aier (as touchyng the readyng of holy ƒcripture)
muche agreable to the mynde & purpoƒe of the olde fathers, and a greate deale
mo°e p°ofitable and commodious, then that whiche of late was vƒed. It is
mo°e p°ofitable, becauƒe here are left out many thynges, whereof ƒome be
vntrue, ƒome vncertein, ƒome vain and ƒuper¥icious: and is o°deyned nothyng
to be read, but the very pure wo°de of God, the holy ƒcriptures, o° that whiche
is euidently grounded vpon theƒame; and that in ƒuche a language & o°dre, as
is mo¥e eaƒy & plain fo° the vnder¥andyng, bothe of the readers and hearers.
It is alƒo mo°e commodious, bothe fo° the ƒho°tnes thereof, & fo° the plaines of
the o°dre, & fo° that the rules be fewe & eaƒy. Furthermo°e by this o°dre, the
curates ƒhal nede none other bookes fo° their publique ƒeruice, but this boke
and the Bible: by the meanes wherof, the people ƒhall not be at ƒo great charge
fo° bookes, as in tyme pa¥ they haue been.
And where heretofo°e, there hath been great diuerƒitie in ƒaying and
ƒynging in churches within this realme: ƒome folowyng Salƒbury vƒe, ƒome
Herfo°d vƒe, ƒame the vƒe of Bango°, ƒome of Yo°ke, & ƒome of Lincolne:
Now from hencefurth, all the whole realme ƒhall haue but one vƒe. And if
any would iudge this waye mo°e painfull, becauƒe that all thynges mu¥ be
read vpon the boke, where as befo°e, by the reaƒon of ƒo often repeticion, they
could ƒaye many thinges by heart: if thoƒe men will waye their labo°, with
the p°ofite in knowlege, whiche dayely they ƒhal obtein by readyng vpon the
boke, they will not refuƒe the payn, in conƒideracion of the greate p°ofite that
ƒhall enƒue therof.
And fo°ƒomuche as nothyng can, almo¥e, be ƒo plainly ƒet furth, but
doubtes maie riƒe in the vƒe and p°actiƒyng of the ƒame: to appeaƒe all ƒuche
diuerƒitie (if any ariƒe), and fo° the reƒolucion of all doubtes, concernyng the
maner how to vnder¥ande, do, and execute the thynges conteygned in this
booke: the parties that ƒo doubt, o° diuerƒly take any thyng, ƒhall alwaye
reƒo°te to the Biƒhop of the Dioceƒe, who by his diƒcrecion ƒhall take o°d°e fo°
the quietyng and appeaƒyng of the ƒame: ƒo that the ƒame o°d°e be not
contrary to any thyng conteigned in this boke.
Though it be appointed in the afo°e written p°eface, that al thinges ƒhalbe
read and ƒong in the churche, in the Engliƒhe tongue, to thende yt the
congregacion maie be therby edified: yet it is not meant, but when men
ƒaye Matins and Euenƒong p°iuatelye, they maye ƒaie the ƒame in any
language that they themƒelues do vnder¥ande. Neither that anye man
ƒhalbe bound to the ƒaying of them, but ƒuche as from tyme to tyme, in
Cathed°all and Collegiate Churches, Pariƒhe Churches, and Chapelles to
the ƒame annexed, ƒhall ƒerue the congregacion. 
AN ORDRE
fo° Mattyns dayly th°ough
the yere.
The P°ie¥ beeyng in the quier, ƒhall
