wrath and indignacion again¥ vs, we do earne¥ly repent &
be hartely ƒo°y fo° theƒe our miƒdoinges, the rememb°aunce
of them is greuous vnto vs, the burthen of them is intollerable:
haue mercye vpon vs, haue mercie vpon vs,
mo¥e mercyfull father, fo° thy ƒone our Lo°de Jeƒus
Ch°i¥es ƒake, fo°geue vs all that is pa¥, and grant that we
may euer hereafter, ƒerue and pleaƒe thee in neunes of life,
to the hono° and glo°y of thy name: Th°ough Jeƒus Ch°i¥e
our Lo°de. 
The Communion.
Then ƒhall the Prie¥e ¥ande vp, and turnyng himƒelfe to the people,
ƒay thus.
Lmightie GOD, our heauenly father, who of his
great mercie hath p°omyƒed fo°geuene±e of ƒynnes
to all them, whiche with hartye repentaunce and
true fayth, turne vnto him: haue mercy vpon you, pardon
and delyuer you from all youre ƒinnes, confirme and
¥rengthen you in all goodnes, and b°ing you to euerla¥ing
lyfe: th°ough Jeƒus Ch°i¥ our Lo°d. Amen.
Then ƒhall the P°ie¥ alƒo ƒay,
Heare what coumfo°table woo°des our ƒauiour Ch°i¥
ƒayeth, to all that truely turne to him.
Come vnto me all that trauell, and bee heauy laden, and
I ƒhall refreƒhe you. So God loued the wo°lde that he gaue
his onely begotten ƒonne, to the ende that al that beleue in
hym, ƒhoulde not periƒhe, but haue lyfe euerla¥ing.
Heare alƒo what ƒaint Paul ƒayeth.
This is a true ƒaying, and woo°thie of all men to bee
receiued, that Jeƒus Ch°i¥e came into thys wo°lde to ƒaue
ƒinners.
Heare alƒo what ƒaint John ƒayeth.
If any man ƒine, we haue an aduocate with the father,
Jeƒus Ch°i¥ the righteous, and he is the p°opiciacion fo° our
ƒinnes.
Then ƒhall the P°ie¥ turnyng him to gods boo°d, knele down, and ƒay
in the name of all them, that ƒhall receyue the Communion, this
p°ayer folowing.
E do not p°eƒume to come to this thy table (o
mercifull lo°d) tru¥ing in our owne righteouƒnes,
but in thy manifold and great mercies:
we be not woo°thie ƒo much as to gather
vp the cromes vnder thy table: but thou art the ƒame lo°de
whoƒe p°opertie is alwayes to haue mercie: Graunt vs
therefo°e (gracious lo°de) ƒo to eate the fleƒhe of thy dere 
ƒonne Jeƒus Ch°i¥, and to d°ynke his bloud in theƒe holy
Mi¥eries, that we may continuallye dwell in hym, and he
in vs, that our ƒynfull bodyes may bee made cleane by his
body, and our ƒoules waƒhed th°ough hys mo¥ p°ecious
bloud. Amen.
Then ƒhall the P°ie¥e fir¥e receiue the Communion in both kindes
