manife¥ly appered to all his diƒciples, and in
their ƒight aƒcended vp into heauen, to p°epare a place fo° vs,
that where he is, thither mighte we alƒo aƒcende, and reigne
with hym in glo°y. Therfo°e &c.
¶ Upon Whitƒondaye.
Hrough Jeƒus Ch°i¥e our Lo°de, acco°dyng to
whoƒe mo¥e true p°omiƒe, the holy Gho¥e came
doune this daye from heauen, with a ƒodain great
ƒound, as it had been a mightie wynde , in the likenes of
fiery toungues , lightyng vpon the Apo¥les , to teache them,
and to leade them to all trueth, geuyng them bothe the gifte
of diuerƒe languages, and alƒo boldnes with feruent zeale,
con¥antly to p°eache the Goƒpell vnto all nacions, whereby
we are b°ought out of darkenes and erro°, into the cleare
light and true knowlege of thee , and of thy ƒonne Jeƒus
Ch°i¥. Therfo°e &c.
¶ Upon the fea¥ of the Trinitie.
T is very meete, righte, and oure bounden duetie,
that we ƒhould at al tymes, and in al places, geue
thankes to thee O Lo°de, almightye euerla¥ing
God, whiche arte one God, one Lo°de, not one onely perƒon,
but th°ee perƒones in one ƒub¥aunce: Fo° that which we
beleue of the glo°y of the father, the ƒame we beleue of the
ƒonne, and of the holy gho¥, without any difference, o°
inequalitie: whom the Angels &c.
After whiche p°eface ƒhalt falowe immediately. 
Therfo°e with Angels and Archangels, and with all the
holy companye of heauen: we laude and magnify thy
glo°ious name, euermo°e p°aiƒyng thee, and ƒaying,
Holy, holy, holy, Lo°de God of Ho¥es: heauen (& earth)
are full of thy glo°y: Oƒanna, in the highe¥. Ble±ed is he
that commeth in the name of the Lo°de: Glo°y to thee, O
lo°de in the highe¥. This the Clerkes ƒhal alƒo ƒyng.
¶ When the Clerkes haue dooen ƒyngyng , then ƒhall the P°ie¥,
o° Deacon, turne hym to the people, and ƒaye,
Let vs p°aie fo° the whole ¥ate of Ch°i¥es churche.
¶ Then the P°ie¥, turnyng hym to the Altar, ƒhall ƒaye o°
ƒyng, playnly and di¥inctly, this p°ayer folowyng:
Lmightie and euerliuyng God, whiche by thy
holy Apo¥le ha¥e taught vs to make p°ayers
and ƒupplicacions, and to geue thankes fo° al
menne: We humbly beƒeche thee mo¥e mercyfully
to receiue theƒe our p°aiers, which we
offre vnto thy diuine Maie¥ie, beƒeching thee to inƒpire
continually the vniuerƒal churche, with the ƒpirite of trueth,
vnitie, and conco°de: And graunt that al they that do confe±e
thy holy name, maye agree in the trueth of thy holye
wo°de, and liue in vnitie and godly loue. Speciallye we
beƒeche thee to ƒaue and defende thy ƒeruaunt Edwarde our
Kyng, that vnder hym we maye be Godly and quietly
