newe fangle that they woulde innouate all thyng, and ƒo doe
deƒpyƒe the olde that nothyng canne lyke them, but that is
newe: It was thought expediente not ƒo muche to haue re-
ƒpecte howe to pleaƒe and ƒatiƒfie eyther of theƒe partyes, as
howe to pleaƒe God, and p°ofitte them bothe. And yet le¥e
any manne ƒhould bee offended (whom good reaƒon might
ƒatiƒfie), here be certayne cauƒes rendered, why ƒome of the
accu¥omed Ceremonies be put awaye, and ƒome be retayned
and kept ¥ill.
Some are put awaye, becauƒe the great exce±e and
multytude of them hathe ƒo encreaƒed in theƒe latter dayes,
that the burden of them was intollerable: wherof ƒaincte
Augu¥ine in his tyme complayned, that they were growen
to ƒuche a noumb°e : that the ¥ate of chri¥ian people was in
wurƒe caƒe (concernyng that matter) then were the Jewes.
And he counƒayled that ƒuche yocke and burden ƒhould be
taken awaye: as tyme woulde ƒerue quietely to doe it. But
what woulde ƒaincte Augu¥ine haue ƒayed if he hadde ƒeen
the Ceremonies of late dayes vƒed among vƒ? wherunto the
multitude vƒed in his time was not to bee compared. This
our exce±iue multitude of Ceremonies, was ƒo great, and
many of them ƒo darke: that they dyd mo°e confounde and
darken, then declare and ƒettefo°th Chri¥es benefites vnto
vs. And beƒides this, Chri¥es Goƒpell is not a Ceremoniall
lawe (as muche of Moƒes lawe was,) but it is a relygion to
ƒerue God, not in bondage of the figure o° ƒhadowe: but in the
freedome of ƒpirite, beeyng contente onely wyth thoƒe
ceremonyes whyche dooe ƒerue to a decente o°d°e and godlye
diƒcipline, and ƒuche as bee apte to ¥irre vppe the dulle 
Of Ceremonies.
mynde of manne to the rememb°aunce of his duetie to God,
by ƒome notable and ƒpeciall ƒignificacion, whereby he
myght bee edified.
 ¶ Furthermo°e, the mo¥ weightye cauƒe of the aboliƒhement
of certayne Ceremonies was, that they were ƒo farre
abuƒed, partely by the ƒuper¥icious blyndenes of the rude
and vnlearned, and partelye by the vnƒaciable auarice of
ƒuche as ƒoughte mo°e they° owne lucre than the glo°ye of
God; that the abuƒes coulde not well bee taken awaye, the
thyng remaynyng ¥yll. But nowe as concernyng thoƒe
perƒones, whiche peraduenture will bee offended fo° that
ƒome of the olde Ceremonies are retayned ¥ill: Yf they
conƒyder, that wythoute ƒome Ceremonies it is not po±ible
to kepe anye o°d°e o° quyete dyƒcyplyne in the churche: they
ƒhall eaƒilye perceyue iu¥e cauƒe to refourme they° iudgementes.
And yf they thynke muche that anye of the olde
dooe remayne, and woulde rather haue all deuiƒed anewe:
then ƒuch menne (grauntyng ƒome Ceremonyes conueniente
to bee hadde), ƒurelye where the olde maye bee well vƒed:
there they cannot reaƒonablye rep°oue the olde (onelye fo°
