There is a people in Germany called Catti, whose strength consisteth in theyr footmen, others goe to skirmish, and the Catti to war. Tacitus.

The Lacedemonians, of all people in peace and warre were most valiant, being in the be∣ginning more then men, but in the end lesse •hen women.

Frenchmen, loosing the first encounter, •oose also the victory. Liuius.

C. Marius, neuer gaue his enemies occasi∣on to force him to fight.

Darius against Alexander, Pompey against Caesar, Haniball against Scipio, Antonius a∣gainst Augustus, & Mithridates against Syl∣•a, had greater forces without comparison, •hen their enemies, and yet were ouercome.

Fredericus Oenobarbus, when he had ouer∣•hrowne Millaine, sowed salt there, and har∣•owed it, thereby to shew that the same Citty was brought to vtter destruction.

If there be any fault committed generally 〈◊〉 all the Souldiours in the campe, the Prin∣•es of the hoast take the tenth of the mul∣••tude, that by the punishment of a few, the
Page  [unnumbered]
rest may be assoiled. Plutarch.

F. Max. sent to Rome to the Senate 〈◊〉 money, to redeeme his Souldiers which H••nibal had taken prisoners, and beeing den•• thereof, commaunded his Son to sell all 〈◊〉 lands, & bring money for their ransome.

Three hundred Noblemen of the house the Fabij, tooke vppon them alone to wa• battaile against the Vientines. Liuius.

C. Marius refused those Souldiers who 〈◊〉 not sixe feete, or at the least fiue & a halfe 〈◊〉 height. Vigetius.

Pyrrhus charged his Muster-maysters 〈◊〉 choose them that were of large stature, & 〈◊〉 said he, will make them valiant. Idem.

P. Aemilius, to auoide the sunne that shine in the face of his hoast, was so long in rāgin• his Army, that by the time the battailes shol• ioyne, the sunne was vpon his back. Mariu• vsed the like pollicy against the Cymbrian• and Augustus against the Flemings.

Polemon, to make his Souldiers fiercer 〈◊〉 assailing the Lacedemonians, cast his colou• into the midst of his enemies, where-vpo• they pressed with great violence, esteeming 〈◊〉 great shame to abandon of their Ancient.

Eumolphus, for that he feared a famine, 〈◊〉 his prouision, for the which his Souldiou•
Page  219
••oned him to death.

Xenephon, was very curious in his proui∣••on of Martiall furniture, hee had an Argoli∣•n target, an Athenian breast-plate, a Beo∣•an head-peece; he was a Philosopher and a •aptaine.

Titus, the Emperour, beeing praysed for a •ictory that he obtained, aunswered, That it •roceeded from God, who made his hands but 〈◊〉 instruments to serue him. Iosephus.

Caesar, when hee had ouercome Pompey, ••oke nothing but his letters, & left the trea∣••re to his Souldiers; the like did Alexander •nd many other.

Charles the fift, was bound by oath, not to ••ing any forraine Souldiers into Germany.

Of Felicity. Of all the Phylosophers who contended abou•••e chiefest felicity, the Peripatetikes iudgement to be allowed aboue the rest, who said, that it ••nsisted in the goods of nature, fortune, and the •ind; of the first are health, beauty, strength, •ersonage; of the second, riches, loue, nobility, 〈◊〉, &c; of the third, vertue, who is deuided ••to the foure cardinals. For the gifts of the •ody, looke in the head of beauty.

Page  [unnumbered]
ARistophanes writ a Comedy called Plu∣tus, whom he termed blind, where-vpo• Demetrius sayd, that Plutus was not onely blind, e but Fortune also, for she many time• bestowed her gifts vpon vnworthy men.

Ptolomey, of a common Souldiour, vvas chosen King of Egypt, Telophanes of a cha∣riot-wright King of Lidia, Darius the son o• Histaspis, the quiuer bearer of Cyrus, king o• Persia, Agathocles of a Potters sonne, King of Sycania, and Tamberlaine of a shepheard became King of Scythia.

Olde Paynters haue drawne Timotheus hee Athenian Captayne in liuely colours, harnessed, and well weaponed, and Fortune standing ouer his head, holding in her hands a spreading net, where-with-all shee caught Citties and Regions.

The golde of Tholouse and Seians horse, were both infortunate to the possessors.
