
Vlisses in his youth refrained from speech,
Page  [unnumbered]
vntill hee had learned howe to speake wel•Homer.

Metellus vvas so close, in the vvarres of Mecedonia, that he sayd, If he knewe his own coate to be priuie to his owne determination, hee would burne it.

Ixion, is fained to be tormented in hell, for telling tales of Iuno. Ouid.

Antigonus the sonne of Demetrius, vvas charged to kill Methridates, and not to tell him; hee dreamed that hee sowed golde in Pontus, and Methridates reaped it, which in dutie to his father hee kept not, but disclosed with his tongue, but in loue to Methridates he sought him out, & writ vpon the ground with his speare, Ely Methridates.

Demosthenes asked Aristodemus a Co∣median, what he had for pronouncing such a speech, he aunswered, A talent, but sayd he; I had more to hold my peace.

Philip writ vnto them of Laconia, that If hee entered, hee woulde ouerthrow them topsie∣turuy; to whom they writ backe onely this word, If.

Aristotle aunswered a great pleader of cau∣ses who at euery sentence he rehearsed, asked him, If that were not a strange thing? said, This is a greater meruaile, that any man can abide to
Page  87
heare thy babling.

The citty of Athence was taken & destroi∣ed by Sylla, who by his spyes was admoni∣shed of the pratlyng of certaine old men in a Barbers shop, where they talked of a certain place that was weakest, and worst defended. Plutarch.

The ouer-much talke of Flauius, was the onely cause that Rome was no sooner deli∣uered from the tiranny of Nero.

Antigonus beeing demaunded of his owne sonne at what howre the Campe shoulde dis∣lodge, sayd; Art thou afraid that thou alone shalt not heare the trumpet?

Lisander aunswered a Megarian who thrust himselfe forward to speake aloude for the ly∣bertie of Grecia, That speech my friende, had neede of a great Citty. So may it bee sayde to those that freely reprehend others, that their owne manners had neede to be reformed.

Lysimachus the King, asked Philippides vvhat part of his goods he would vvillinglie haue imparted vnto him? VVhich you please (quoth hee) so it be no part of your secrets.

Dion of Alexandria, reuenged himselfe on his foes more by silence then by vvords, in∣somuch, that one perceiuing by his iniurie he could not cause him to speake, that hee
Page  [unnumbered]
might haue more scope to raile, hanged him∣selfe. Brusonius.

Lycurgus did promise that nine persons shoulde feast together in reuerence of the nine Muses, but vpon this condition, that if they did talke at the table, they should haue no wine to drinke, and if they vsed silence, they might be allowed vvine. Macrob.

Countrey or Commonwealth. This generall nurse and mother of mankind, commaundeth of vs a dutie beyond that which we owe to our naturall parents, & of more loue and pietie, whose safetie ought to bee preferred before all affection, riches, and life; sith in her preseruation, all our riches, lands, liberties, and lifes are secured.

ARistotle beeing at Athence, was verie carefull for his country, the which when Alexander had ouer-runne and rased, by let∣ters bee mooued him to builde it vp againe. Val. Max.

Dion of Syracuse, vvas so louing to hys Country, that hee neuer rested vntill he had thorowly freed it from the tyrannie of Dyo∣sius. Plutarch.

Page  88
Damarathus a Lacedemonian, though ba∣nished his Country, and lyuing at Athence, yet thought it his duty to forevvarne hys Countrymen of the expedition which theyr enemies the Athenians speedily intended a∣gainst them. Val. Max.

The Senate of Rome saluted Augustus by the name of Pater Patriae. Seuer.

Caelia, being amongst many other virgins one of the hostages of King Porsena, stole a∣way by night from her Keeper, & mounted vpon a horse, swamme the riuer, whose ver∣tue raised King Porsenas siege, and deliuered her Country from further feare. Val.

Paulus Aemilius, warring against Pyrrhus King of the Epyrots, when the Oracle pro∣nounced, that the Romaines should bee vic∣tors, if any one amongst them would throw himselfe into a gulfe, Val. Torquatus volun∣tarily offered himselfe. Plut.

