Hadrian the 6. Schoolemaister before to Charles the Emperour, still kept the name that hee receiued in Baptisme, called Hadri∣an, he dyed hauing raigned 4. yeres. 1523.

Clement the 7. got the place by violence, and possessed it vvith much trouble, and an. 1534. he vvas poysoned by a strange prac∣tise, for both he, and certaine Cardinals, were poysoned vvith the smell and smoake of a certaine Taper, which with a strange confu∣sion was poysoned for the same purpose.

Vnder this Clement, Nicholaus Machia∣uell, Secretary of Florence did flourish, vvho in his first booke of the history of Florence, sayth; That for the most part, the mischiefes that happened among the Christans, proceeded of the Popes theyr ambition; & that before the •ime of Theodocricus, King of Lombardy, the yere of our Lorde, 500. they were euer subiect to Kings in ciuill matters.

Paule the 3. was an Astrologian, & a Ma∣gitian, & giuen to all incontinencie, he had a booke of 45. thousand harlots, who for the •iberty of theyr stewes, did pay vnto hym
Page  [unnumbered]
a monthly tribute. He did openly excom∣municate & curse the most renowned prince King, H. the 8. Et donauit regnum, primū oc∣cupaturo, and gaue his kingdome to him tha• would first inuade it; he raigned 15. yeres▪

Iulius the 3. before called Iohn Mery o• the Mount, was a man of beastly condition▪ and a maintainer of Sodomitie, hee caused to be stamped vppon his coyne; Gens et regn• peribit, quod mihi non inseruit, that Nation & kingdome shall perrish, vvhich dooth not serue me, he dyed when he had raigned sixe yeeres. ann. 1555.

Marcellus the second, vvoulde not change his Christian name, hee dyed the 20. day af∣ter his election.

Paule the fourth, founded a newe sect of Religious men in Venice, called by an holie name, Iesuits, of the name of Iesus, before he was Pope, for the which he vvas made Car∣dinall; he was altogether gyuen to vvarres. He dedicated a booke of the reformation of the Church to Paule the third, & yet made none in his owne time.

Pius the fourth, before called Iohannes An∣gelus, borne at Millaine, of the house of Me∣dices, enioyed the place fiue yeeres, eleuen months, and fifteene dayes, in the raignes of
Page  217
Ferdinando and Max. Emperours, and dyed anno Domini, 1565.

Pius the 5. borne at Alexandria, succeeded him, & sate in the Sea 6. yeares.

Gregory the 13. before called Hugo of Bo∣nonia, swayed Popedome 13. yeares, in the time of Maximilian and Rodolphus.

Sixtus the 5. borne at Millaine, liued in the place 5. yeres 4. moneths, by his means one Clement a Iacobine Fryer, killed the most Christian King of France, Henry the third.

Vrbanus the 7, possessed the place 13. days. Gregory the 14. ten moneths, ten dayes, In∣nocentius the 9. two moneths, after these an∣no Dom. 1592. Clement the 8. was elected Pope, who at this day enioyeth the place.

Of Warre. There is but one iust title of warre ingene∣rall, that is, necessity, according to the old say∣ing, nulium bellum iustum nisi necessarium; which is iust and necessary two wayes, the one is in defence of the innocent, the other is in reuenge of iniuries.

THE continuall warrs which the Sicilians had, made them like sauage beasts. Plut.

Page  [unnumbered]
The Aeolians intending to ayd the Argiue• in their warre, Archidamus writ to them in a letter, onely these words, quietnes is good.

Silla, for his victories against Mithridates let out fiue ounces of the blood of his vain Cardiaca, and offered it to Iupiter Capitoli∣nus. Plutarch.

The Romaines were 500. yeares in con∣quering Italy.

The Oracle of Apollo aunswered those o• Cyrrha, that if they would liue in peace at home, they should make warre with theyr neighbour strangers; & the Romains, when they had none to wage warre with, fell to ci∣uill dissentions, which was their ouerthrow.

Caesar, noted two great faults in Pompey, the one when hee had the better of him, and did not follow his fortune, the other, when in the last battaile at Pharsalia, he charged his Souldiours beeing ranged, to stand still in theyr places, whereby he was ouerthrowne. Appian.

Hanibal neuer fought any battaile, without laying some ambush.

Traian, was neuer vanquished, because he neuer vndertooke warre without iust cause; the same Liuius wryteth of the Romaines in his first Decad.

Page  218
The Romaines out of their Country were inuincible, they were euer assaylants, and sil∣dome times defendants. Eutropius.

