One of Alexanders Leiuetenants, writ to him, that he had in his gouernment a boy of incomparable beauty, and that if it so lyked him, he would send him to him; vvhom hee thus aunswered; O cursed caitife, what hast thou euer knowne in me, that thou shouldest thus dare to flatter me by such pleasures?

A vvise Abbot, wrote to Charles the third, that aboue all things hee should take heede, that flattering Courtiers shoulde not rauish from himselfe the fauour of his benefites, as they are whom they terme sellers of smoake.

Page  [unnumbered]
Of Learning. This is the true substance of felicitie, and the efficient cause of wisedom, without which, mans life is death; The which when the Egyptians would signifie, they set downe the picture of dew dropping from the clowdes.

COsroes king of the Persians, although a barbarian, was so learned, that he held argument with the chiefest Philosophers of Greece. Agath.

Claudius the Emperour, writ 40. bookes of history, by the perswasion of Titus Liuius, he had Homer at his fingers end. Volat.

Picus Mirandula, set vp nine hundred que∣stions at Rome. S. Tho. M.

Caesar disdained not to frequent the thre∣shold of Ariston, neither did Pompey think scorne to go oftentimes to the house of Cra∣tippus. Plut.

Saint Augustine complained, that beeing a young man, he learned profitable words, but yet in vaine things, I heard (quoth he) Iu∣piter thundering, and therewithall commit∣ting adultery. 2. Confess.

Antisthenes, after hee had heard Socrates,
Page  132
tooke such great pleasure therein, that albeit he was very learned, and had a great number of schollers, yet hee vvilled them to seeke an other Maister, because he purposed to learne himselfe.

Traiane the Emperour, founde fiue hun∣dred chyldren at schoole, thereby to banish ignorance.

Pope Caelestine the fift, deposed himselfe, by reason of his ignorance.

Iulianus, to the end hee might molest the Christians, forbid thē the reading of all good bookes.

Antimachus vvhen he read to all his schol∣lers called together, and sawe that all sauing Plato, forsooke him before he had ended his reading; said, I will goe forward, and read on, for Plato is to me as much as all the rest.

Aristotle was angry with his Maister Ari∣stotle, for that he made those bookes which he writ to him so common. Curtius.

Phillip, when his sonne Alexander vvas borne, gaue thanks to God, not so much be∣cause he had a sonne, as that hee vvas borne in the time of Aristotle, vvhom he made his Schoolemaister.

Alexander carried alwayes Homers Iliades about him, & laid them vnder his pyllovve,
Page  [unnumbered]
naming it the preseruer of warlike vertue.

Anaxagoras suffered his Lands to lie wast, and followed his study.

Crates forsooke his patrimony of eyght ta∣lents, that with the more liberty hee might follow Phylosophy.

Athence and Sparta could neuer agree, for that the one vvas adicted to serue Minerua, the other Mars.

Titus Vespasian often vsed to pleade cau∣ses himselfe in Latine, and made diuers po∣ems and tragedies in Greeke. Eutrop.

Lucius meeting with the Emperour Mar∣cus Aurelius in the street, accompanied but with one man after him, asked him vvhether hee went? hee aunswered, It becommeth euen an olde man to learne; therefore am I going to Sextus the Philosopher, to the end I might learne those things which I know not.

The studie of Ptolomy theyr King in the Mathematiques, made the Egyptians so no∣table in those Arts.

Ptolomey knew more in Astronomy, then any man saue Adam.
