
Phocion was sayd to speake better thē De∣mosthenes, because when hee spake, in fevve words he comprehended much matter.

Zeno vvas reported a great prater, in that his eares were founded vpon his tongue.

Pericles, before he mounted into his seate, vvould alwayes request of God, that not a∣ny vvorde might passe his mouth, but onely such as pertained to the matter vvhereof he was presently to speake.

It vvas the property of Laelius, to talke of∣ten, and much at a time.

The Pie in this respect is sayd to be conse∣crated
Page  85
to Bacchus, because that drunkennes is subiect to much babling. Ouid.

Valerius a Poet, vvas executed at Rome, for disclosing of secretes.

It is a custome among the Popes at Rome vvhensoeuer they admit any Cardinall, to stop his mouth for certaine dayes, that hee may first learne of his seniors, and then they open it againe.

Amasis King of Egypt, sent vnto Pittacus, one of the seauen vvise-men of Greece that vvas come to see him, a Mutton, vvilling him to send backe that peece, which hee ac∣counted as best, and that vvhich hee adiud∣ged to be vvorst, vvhereupon hee sent vnto him the tongue. Herodotus.

Cranes, vvhen they passe ouer Cicilie, vp∣on the mount Taurus, do fill theyr bills full of Flints, for feare of making any noyse, least they should serue as a pray to the Egles that are there. Plinie.

The Quailes in Fraunce, after haruest, vse to doe the like.

Aristotle counselled Calisthenes to speake but little, which he not regarding, was com∣maunded to be put to death by Alexander.

The ouer-bolde speech of Clytus to Alex∣ander, caused his death. Plut.

Page  [unnumbered]
The Lacedemonians vvere alwayes much commended for theyr briefenes.

Seleucus sirnamed the Conquerour, ha∣uing lost a battaile, fledde by many crooked paths and by wayes, and hapned at last vpon the cottage of a poore pesant, vvho relieued him according to his abilitie; in the end, vnderstanding it was the King, and not able to suppresse his ioy, nor disguise with the King who desired to be vnknowne, when he had brought him into the high-way, sayde, Farewell my Lord Seleucus. For vvhich, the King made a signe to one of his followers to kill him. Plut.

Papilius cut out his owne tongue, & flung it in the Tyrants face, because he vvould not discouer a conspiracie. Plinie.

Anthony the Emperour, beeing one day at the house of Ouilius a Senatour, demaun∣ded of him, howe it was possible for him to haue so many pillars of Porphorie, to whom he aunswered; VVhen you enter into another mans house, you must learne to be both deafe & dumbe. VVhich the Emperour tooke in good part. Plut.

Leontius the Emperour, after hee had put Iustinian his Soueraigne to flight, caused two of his tale-bearers to be burned.

Page  86
Papyrius vvas much commended and re∣warded of the Senate, because hee fayned a contrary tale vnto his Mother when she de∣maunded of him what affaires were handled in the Senate house. Valerius.

Demetrius the Philosopher, vvas vvont to say, that Birds in the vvoods had libertie to flie vvhere they lyst, and Grashoppers in the fielde to sing vvhen they vvould, but in the Citty vve must neither doe nor speake.

Isocrates, least hee should happen to be a∣shamed of the speech of any of his schollers vnlearnedly vttered, neuer receiued any in∣to his schoole but only those that paid dou∣ble, first to learne silence, and then to learne to speake; and to speake nothing but vvhat they knew certaine.

Alexander perceiuing by Hephestion that hee had read a Letter vvhich his mother had sent him, closed vp his lips with his signet, to the end he should be secret.

Pompey suffered one of his fingers to bee burned, rather then he vvould disclose vvhat was done in the Senate.

Cleanthes being disired by one to instruct his sonne in some short and vvise sentence, sayd, Sige, that is, be silent.
