Simonides, beeing demaunded vvhy hee hoorded vp money towards the ende of his
Page  255
old age, Because (quoth he) I had rather leaue my goods to mine enemies, then to haue neede of the releefe of my friends while I am aliue.

Virgill, in his sixth booke of Aeneiads, put∣teth those persons in hell, which haue done no good to their friends, kindsfolk, & neigh∣bours, but haue been wholly wedded to their riches, without imparting them to others. Virgill.

Ochus, King of Persia, would neuer goe into the Country of Perseland, because that by the law of the Realme, hee was bound to giue to euery vvoman that had borne chil∣dren, one French crowne, and to euery wo∣man with child two.

Plato, thought it almost impossible, for a man very rich to be honest, yet Solon as wise as hee, desired to haue riches, but not to get them by wrong. Plut.

Anacreon, hauing receaued of Polycra∣tes fiue talents for a gift, vvas so much trou∣bled for the space of two nights with care, how hee might keepe them, and how to im∣ploy them best, that he carried them backe againe, saying, That they were not woorth the paines he had already taken for them.

Socrates, being sent for by K. Archelaus, to come & receaue store of gold, sent him word
Page  [unnumbered]
that a measure of flower was sold in Athenc• for a penny double, and that water cost him nothing.

Lycurgus, abrogated the vse of gold & sil∣uer coyne, and appoynted Iron money to be currant, by this meanes hee banished from them the desire of riches.

Caligula, tooke of euery Curtezan, as much of her gayne as shee could get of any man at once.

Pertinax, being aduanced to the degree of Emperour, did not forget his niggardlines, but parted Lettice and Artichawkes in two, that the one halfe might be for his dinner, & the other for his supper. Eutropius.

The parsimony of Fabritius, is not to bee condemned, for the age wherein hee lyued, ought to excuse him, in the which all magni∣ficence was vnknowne to the Romaines.

Iustinian the Emperour, for himselfe pro∣cured riches, and for the deuill he cheapned soules, he was couetous, and maintayned the heresie of the Pelagians.

Epimenides curse of riches was, that all the treasures hoorded vp by the couetous, shold be wasted by the prodigall.

The Romaines, and the Carthagenians, were friends a long time, but after they knew
Page  256
•here was in Spayne great mines of gold and siluer, immediatly arose betweene them ci∣uill warres. P. Diaconus.

Darius, being very rich and couetous, sent to Alexander in scorne, to know where hee had treasure to maintaine such an army, who aunswered, Tell thy maister that he keepeth in his Cofers his treasures of mettalls, and I haue no other treasure then the hearts of my friends. Plutarch.

Angelot, a Cardinall, was so couetous, that by a false dore hee descended into the stable, and euery night stole away the Oates, which his horse-keepers had giuen his horses, and continued it so long, till one of the horse-keepers hyding himselfe in the stable, did so be labour him with a Pikeforke, that hee had much adoe to crawle away. I. Pontanus.

Of Sloth. In this vice, wit, vnderstanding, wisedom, and all honest endeuours are buried, as it were in a graue, from which ariseth the loathsome stench of corrupt manners and disordered life, making of men women, of women beasts, of beasts mon∣sters.

Page  [unnumbered]
ALexander, an Emperour of the East, gi∣uen to great idlenes, demaunded of hi• wise men, if he had long to liue, they aunswe•red him, yea, If he could take away the teeth o• a brazen Boare, that stoode in the market place meaning therby, that he would shorten his daies except he gaue ouer his idlenes. Zonarus.

A Senator of Rome, who was saluted by an•other, riding in his chariot, aunswered, I wil• not say God saue you, since in going thus at you• ease, you show you haue no desire to liue long.

Epaminondas, discharged all his Souldiers which grew fat, saying, That as a woman too fat doth not easily conceaue, so doth fat hinder a man from doing his charge, as armes doe which are to heauy.

Scipio, being ariued at his campe, banish∣ed all Souldiours, slaues, and Pages, and all vnprofitable people, and made each one to carry his owne armour.

The Sabies, hauing aboundance of all kind of riches, spent their times slothfully.

The Nabathies, hauing nothing, but what they get by their vertue and labor, are good husbands, & abandon all idlenes.
