Page  61
many before him had doone, in the vvorlds description.

Nicaula, the Queene of Aegipt and Aethio∣pia, to heare the wisedom of Salomon, came from the farthest part of Arabia to Iudaea.

Publicola was blessed in his endeuours, got fame by his industry, woone battailes by his forwardnes, and dyed fortunatly through ly∣uing laboriously. Plut.

Philotis by labour ouercame the Latines, and by his study and pollicy, got that victory vvhich the Romaines detracted by theyr feare.

The stuttering of Alcibiades, did not so much hurt him, as his industry in warres re∣nowned him. Thucidides.

If Demosthenes had seene any Cittizen vp before him, and at work, it did greatly greeue him; his continuall labour and diligence in study, made him proue so rare an Orator.

Marius so charged his Souldiours, and em∣ployed them in the ditches neere vnto the Rhyne, that they vvere after termed the moyles of Marius. Appian.

Nicias a paynter, was so earnest, and inten∣tiue to his profession, that he forgot to take food & sustenance to succour nature. Aelian.

The Romains allowed euery houre of the
Page  [unnumbered]
day, a seuerall kind of exercise. Martialis.

Caesar in the warres betwixt him and Pom∣pey, vsed such diligence, that comming ou• of Fraunce, he made himselfe Maister of all Italy in three score dayes, without any effu∣sion of blood, and droue away his enemy. Plutarch.

Caesar, although he was weake, and of ten∣der complexion, subiect to the falling-sick∣nes, vsed not the infirmity of his body for a cloake to liue idely, but tooke the labours of warre for a medicine, fighting against disease with continuall labour & exercise, lying for the most part in the open aire with his Soul∣diours. Idem.

Claudius enioying an assured peace, cau∣sed the channell Fucinus to be made, that Rome might haue the commodity of good vvaters, about vvhich worke 30• thousand were daily imployed, for the space of twelue yeares.

Adrianus seeing a generall peace within his Empire, continually vndertooke new and strange iourneyes, one while into Fraunce, another into Germany, then into Asia, cau∣sing his men of vvarre to march with him, least being idle they should forget their mar∣tiall discipline. Iustinus.

Page  62
A wise Romaine counsailed the Senate not •o haue peace with Carthage, least the Ro∣maines being in safety should become idle, and grow too ciuile dissentions.

Gelon King of Syracusa, led his people of∣tentimes into the fields, as well to labour the ground and to plant, as to fight, both that the earth might be better being well dressed, as also because he feared, least his people should grow idle.

The wise and auntient Kings of Aegipt, im∣ployed their idle people, in digging of the earth, & building of those Pyramides, which are reckoned amongst the seauen wonders of the world.

M. Aurelius speaking of the diligence of the auntient Romaines, writeth, that they all followed their labour so earnestly, that ha∣uing necessary occasion one day to send a letter two or three dayes iourney from the towne, he could not finde one idle body in all the Citty to doe it.

Too much diligence is hurtfull, which A∣pelles reproued in Protogenes, who would neuer keepe his hands from the table, not knowing when a thing was well.

Alexander in the night time, vsed to hold a siluer ball in his hand, when he went to bed,
Page  [unnumbered]
hauing a siluer Bason vpon the ground vn∣der his arme, that when he was a sleepe, the falling of the ball might awake him, and put him in remēbrance of his enemies. Brusonius

Iulius Caesar deuided the night into three parts, to Nature, to his owne Country, about his owne businesses.

Phillip King of Macedon, when his Souldi∣ours slept, he alwaies watched. Brusonius.

He neuer slept, before his friend Antipater would watch.

