
Domitius Catalusius, Prince of Lesbos, lo∣ued his wife so well, that althogh she grew le∣prous, he neuer forbad her his bord or bed.

Hector, when he saw Troy burning, was
Page  109
not so much greeued for his Parents, his bre∣thren, nay, his selfe, as for Andromache his wife. Homer.

Antonius Pius, loued his wife Faustine so wel, that when she died, he caused her picture to be made, & to be set vp before his face, in his bed chamber, that he alwayes might re∣member her.

M. Plancius, sailing with his wife into Asia, in the midst of his great glory, for that his wife died, stabbed himselfe with his dagger, saying, two bodies shall possesse one graue.

Antimachus, a Poet, bewailed the death of his wife, in mournfull Elegies.

Pericles being at Athence, was found kis∣sing of his wife at Athence, & being from A∣thence, hee was found more sad to depart from his vvife, then vvilling to dye for his Country.

Orpheus loued his wife so well, that hee went to hell & redeemed her from thence, but through too much loue, looking backe, he lost her againe. Ouid.

Alcestes a Q. of Thessalie, at what time K. Admetus should die, hauing by an Oracle gi∣uen an aunswer, that if any would die for the King, he should liue, which when all refused, his vvife offered her selfe to saue her hus∣bands
Page  [unnumbered]
life.

Iulia Pompeius wife, seeing him come sore wounded from the field, supposing that hee was slaine, beeing great with child trauailed straight, and dyed.

Paulina, the wife of Seneca, when shee had heard of the death of her husband, enquiring the manner of it, she killed her selfe.

Ipsicratea, the wife of Mithridates, follow∣ed him lyke a Lacky in the warres, vnknown to him, desirous rather to bewitch him, then liue a Queene in Pontus.

Aemilia, the wife of Affricanus, perceauing her husband to be in loue vvith one of her maydes, and oftentimes to vse the mayde as her selfe, neuer hated the mayd, nor told her husband therof, and when he was dead, shee maried her wealthily in Rome.

Triara, when shee knew by letters that her husband Vitellius, was enuironed of his ene∣mies, she rushed into the campe, and pressed to her husband, ready to die with him.

Laodamia, loued her husband so well, that when she heard that Protesilaus was slaine, onely desired that she might see his shadow, which when shee saw, and offering to em∣brace, dyed presently.

Valeria, a Romaine Lady, sayde, that her
Page  110
husband dyed for others, but liued to her for euer.

Sulpitia, being carefully restrained by her mother Iulia, frō seeking her husband Len∣tulus in Sicilia, whether he was banished, she went thither apparailed like a Page.

Hipparchia, a very faire and rich woman, so much loued the Phylosopher Crates, who was hard fauoured and poore, that she mari∣ed him against all her friends minds.

The King of Persia, hauing taken prisoner the wife of Pandanns, and killed him, would haue maried her, but she slew her selfe, vtte∣ring these words; GOD forbid, that to bee a Queene, I should euer wed him that hath beene the murderer of my deere husband.

Fuluia, the wife of Anthony, not bearing his vnkindnes in leauing her sicke, and not bidding her farewell, dyed for sorrow. Ap∣pian.

Phaethusa, the wife of Pytheus, thought so earnestly vpon her husbands absence, that at his returne, she had a beard growne vpon her chinne. Hier. Merc.

Melanthus sayde of Grogias, the most elo∣quent Oratour, that he laboured to exhort men to concord, yet could he not quiet his wife, and therefore held it great presumption
Page  [unnumbered]
to perswade others to that which hee could not procure himselfe, in his owne priuate fa∣mily.
