Alexander could not abide Perdiccas, be∣cause hee was warlike, he hated Lysimachus because he was cunning in ordering a battell, he enuied Seleucus, because hee vvas full of prowesse and courage, hee abhorred Anti∣gonus, because he vvas ambitious, hee grud∣ged at Attalus, because his power was princ-like. Plutarrh.

Plato enuied Democritus, because he made no mention of him in his bookes, thinking that he made no account of him.

It is an old custome to murmure at vertu∣ous deedes, Socrates was reproued of Plato, Plato of Aristotle, Aristotle of Auerrois and Ramus, Sicilius of Vulpitius, Lelius of Var∣ro, Marinus of Ptolomeus, Ennius of Ho∣mer, Seneca of Aul. Gellius, Cratonestes of Strabo, Thesalleo of Gellian, Hermagoras of Cicero, Cicero of Salust, Origen of Hie∣rome, Hierom of Ruffinus, Ruffinus of Do∣natus, Donatus of Prosper, and Prosper of Lupus.

Page  249
Of Wrath. This vice proceedeth from the ouer-much in∣••med blood about the heart, the which by no •eanes yeeldeth leasure to vnderstand the cir∣•umstances which reason teacheth.

THE manner of the Pythagorians, was much commended, who when they had once vttered their choller, would take one •nother by the hand, and louingly embrace before euening.

The carriage of bundels of sticks bound to∣gether vppon Pollaxes, was to shew that the wrath of a Magistrate ought not to bee too ready, for that while leasurely those bundels so bound were losed, it brought some delay and space to anger. Plutarch.

Cotys, King of Thracia, when one brought a present of goodly vessels of glasse, after he had well recompenced the gift, hee brak• thē all, for feare least through choller) wher∣vnto he was subiect) he should be mooued to wrath against any of his seruants.

Theodosius, beeing wrathfully mooued a∣gainst those of Thessolonica, for a cōmotion which they made, & for slaying his Lieuete∣nant
Page  [unnumbered]
sent thither an Army, where-vpon 1 thousand were slayne, neyther women 〈◊〉 childrē being spared, afterward repenting, 〈◊〉 commanded the execution of his letters pa•tents should be held in suspence thirty day• after signification of them, namely, when a•ny were to be punished more seuerely the• of custome.

Aiax, impatient for the losse of Achilles a••mour, killed himselfe. Ouid.

Darius, being in an exceeding rage again•• the Athenians, for sacking the Citty Sardis prayed God that he might reuenge that in∣iury, and ordayned that thrice a day, whe• his meate was vpon the table, one should say vnto him, remember the Athenians. Hero∣dotus.

Clinias, by playing vpon the Harpe, and Theodosius by reading the Alphabet, lear∣ned to forget their anger. P. Diaconus.

Alcimenides, a King among the Grecians, fauoured one Pannonius highly, who one day playing with him at the ball, they con∣tended about a chase, and the one sayd it was thus, the other contrary; and thus conten∣ding the King inraged, commanded his gard presently to strike of his head. Plut.

Ptolomey, finding Eusenides, whom hee
Page  250
•reatly loued, talking vvith a Curtezan whō 〈◊〉 likewise loued, made her drinke a cup of •oyson, and caused him foorth-with to be •rangled.

Constantius, the Emperour, had a minion •alled Hortensius, whom he dearely loued, & •ne day a Page giuing him drinke in a glasse •y mishap, the glasse fell out of his hand, and •rake in peeces, whereat the Emperour was •ery angry; in this vnhappy houre Horten∣•us came to the Emperour, to present him •ertaine bills to be signed, which he was con∣•ented to doe, and for that the Inke was too •hick, or the pen so naught that he could not •rite, he commaunded in a rage Hortensius •o be beheaded.

Pyrrhus, in his wrath, slew his trusty Secre∣•ary Fabatus. The Emperour Bitillion his •reatest friend Cincinnatus; Adrian, his on∣•y fauoured Amproma; Dioclesian, his ••iend Patritius; Alexander, Clytus. P. Di∣•conus.

Periander, in his rage murdered his owne •ife, and then with iudgement considering •he fact, hee caused those strumpets which ••censed him thereto to be burned.

Cataline sayd, that hee could not quench •he fire begun in his house with water, and
Page  [unnumbered]
therefore would pull it downe. Salustius.

The foolish reuenge of Xerxes is memo•••ble, who when Hellespont molested him hys passage, commaunded, that it sho••• haue three hundred strypes, and willed th••• hundred paire of fetters to be throwne the in to bind it. Iustine.

Darius, after hee had taken Babylon, •••uenged their old malice, with the murder 3000. Cittizens. Herodotus.

Alexander, after hee had subdued ma• kingdomes, went into the temple of Iupi••• Hammon, to know by oracle whether yet ••ny were aliue that had slaine his father Ph••lip, that he might seeke further reuenge. 〈◊〉.

The Athenians did honour to Aristiget and Harmodius, for killing the tyrant Hipa∣chus. Thucidides.

There were eleuen persecutions, of the p•••matiue Church.
