
Sigismond Malatesta, striued to haue car∣nall knowledge of his sonne Robert, vvho thrusting his dagger into his fathers bosom, reuenged his wickednes.

Cleopatra, had the vse of her brother Pto∣lomeus company, as of her husbands.

Antiochus stayed a whole vvinter in Chal∣cidea, for one mayde which he there fancied.

Lust vvas the cause of the vvarres between the Romaines and the Sabines. Liuius.

Thalesthis, Queene of the Amazons, came 25. dayes iourney, to lie vvith Alexander. Iustinus.

Adultery in Germany, is neuer pardoned. Tacitus.

Messalina and Popilia, vvere so inconti∣nent, that they cōtended vvith most shame∣full harlots, prostrating themselues without respect of time, place, or company, to any, though neuer so base. Plut.

Claudius deflowred his owne sisters, and Semiramis burned in beastly lust tovvards her sonne Ninus.

Nero caused Atticus a Romaine Consull to be slayne, that hee might the more conueni∣ently
Page  263
enioy the company of his wife. Corn. Tacitus.

Commodus, not contented with his three hundred Concubines, cōmitted incest vvith his owne sisters. Herodian.

Caligula dyd the like, but the one vvas slaine by his vvife, the other by his Concu∣bine.

Adultery was the cause of the first alterati∣on of the Citty of Rome. Eutrop.

Sempronia a vvoman, well learned in the Greeke, and Sappho, no lesse famous, de∣fended luxurie and lust by their writings.

Cleopatra inuited Anthony to a banquet in the prouince of Bithinia, in the vvood Se∣sthem, where, at one instance, of threescore young virgines, fiftie and fiue were made mothers.

Cleophis a Queene of India, saued her kingdome and subiects from destruction, by a nights lodging with Alexander, by whom she had a sonne called Alexander, vvho was afterward King of India; shee was euer after called Scortum Reginum. Iustine.

Heliogabalus, not onely deflowred, but al∣so married a virgine Vestall, saying it vvas reason that Priests shoulde marry Nunnes, because that in times past hee had beene
Page  [unnumbered]
Priest of the Sunne.

Iane Queene of Naples, was hanged vp for her aduoutry, in the very same place vvhere shee had hanged her husband Andreas afore, because he was not (as shee sayd) able to sa∣tisfie her beastly desire.

Feron King of Egypt had beene blind 10. yeeres, and in the eleuenth, the Oracle told hym that he should recouer his sight, if hee washed his eyes in the vvater of a vvoman vvhich neuer had to doe with any but her husband; vvhereupon, hee first made tryall of his owne vvife, but that dyd him no good, after, of infinite others, which did him all as little, saue onely one, by whom hee recoue∣red his sight, and then hee put all the rest to death. Herodot.

Iulia the daughter of Augustus vvas so im∣modest, shamelesse, and vnchast, that the Emperour was neuer able to reclaime her; and vvhen shee was admonished to forsake her bad kinde of lyfe, and to follow chastitie as her Father dyd, shee aunswered, That her Father forgotte that hee was Caesar, but as for herselfe, shee knew well enough that shee was Caesars daughter.

Cornelius Gallus, and Q. Elerius, tvvo Romaine Knights, dyed in the very action
Page  264
of theyr filthy lust. Plinie.

Arichbertus, eldest sonne vnto Lotharius, King of Fraunce, dyed euen as hee was em∣bracing his whores.

Alcibiades was burned in his bed, with hys Curtezan Timandra. Plut.
