The fourth was Pittacus, who was not only Philosopher, but also Captaine of the My∣••enes.

The fift was Cleobulus, that descended frō 〈◊〉 auntient line of Hercules.

The sixt was Periander, of whom the Hi∣••oriographers doubted, whether his Philo∣••phy or tirany were greater.

The seauenth Bias, that was Prince of the •yraneans, a learned Philosopher, and a va∣••ant Souldiour, who ouercame the Meti∣•enses; this battaile was the first that any •hilosopher of Greece fought.

The Grecians had their Philosophers, the Persians their Magi, the Indians Gymnoso∣•hists, the Aegiptians Priests, the Hebrewes Prophets, the Assirians Chaldeans, the La∣••nes vvise-men, the French-men Druides, •ll vvhich in euery of these Nations, and •hroughout all the world, were renowned for their wisedome and profound learning.

Page  [unnumbered]
Of Temperance. The property of this vertue consisteth in th• things which belong to the keeping of mans li•• in his body, and vsing the pleasures thereof m••derately, being a meane in our seeing, bearing smelling, tasting, and feeling.

MOses abstained from his ordinary re•fection, the space of 40. daies, when vp∣pon mount Sinai, he was to receaue the t•∣bles of the law from God. Exod.

Minos, as it is fayned, when he was to re•ceaue lawes from Iupiter, fasted nine dayes Homer.

Daniell and his companions, neglecting th• Kings table, liued with pulse and water one•ly. Bib.

Plato forsooke Dionysius courtly feasting & betook himselfe to his philosophicall diet.

Saint Iohn Baptist passed ouer the greates• part of his age in the vvildernes, eating no∣thing but Locusts and wild honey.

Bartholomew the Apostle, when Polemi∣on King of India, sent him Cammels richly loaden with gold and siluer, for that he had dispossessed his daughter of an vncleane spi∣••t,
Page  29
refused them saying, that hee came not to ••ceaue rewards for his hire, but that he migh••ew the way of saluation, to those that beleeue. •arullus.

Anacharsis the Scithian philosopher, coun∣••led Kings and Princes, to write about their ••ctures, Rule lust, temper the tongue, bridle the •elly. Aelianus.

Augustus vvas of a very spare dyet, his •anner was to sit downe to meate, when his •uests had halfe dined, and would be the first •hat rised. Plut.

Pericles neuer supped, nor came at any •anquet. Thucidides.

Scipio for the space of fifty & foure yeares, •either bought nor sold any thing, he was so •e•l contented with a little.

Scipio in the flower of his age, at the taking of the Citty of Carthage, had a young Da∣•osell to his prisoner, of rare and excellent beauty, and when he vnderstood her birth, & that she was betrothed to Lucius of Spain, •e sent for him, and restored her vnto him, without abusing her any way, besides giuing her a dowry. Plut.

Alexander did the like with Darius vvife, who excelled all the dames of Asia for beau∣ty: the like of Cyrus. Curtius. Herodotus.

Page  [unnumbered]
Phryna the harlot, lying with Xenocrat• vpon a wager, to proue his continency, say• she lay not with a man, but with a blocke•Laertius.

C. Gracchus, as long as he gouerned Sa•∣dinia, would neuer suffer a woman to come into his house, except it vvere to demaun• iustice.

Pyttacus being constrained to take vpo• him the charge of an Army, accepted it with great griefe, saying, O howe hard a matter is i• to be a good man? Laertius.

Torquatus, and Fabritius, absented them∣selues from Rome, the one because he woul• not haue the dictatorship, the other the con∣sulship.

Of all those which sought the ouerthro• of Rome, neuer any sober man went abou• the same but Caesar. Cato.

