Genesis 29:6	And he said unto them, Is he well? And they said, He is well: and, behold, Rachel his daughter cometh with the sheep.
Genesis 29:7	And he said, Lo, it is yet high day, neither is it time that the cattle should be gathered together: water ye the sheep, and go and feed them.
Genesis 29:8	And they said, We cannot, until all the flocks be gathered together, and till they roll the stone from the well's mouth; then we water the sheep.
Genesis 29:9	And while he yet spake with them, Rachel came with her father's sheep; for she kept them.
Genesis 29:10	And it came to pass, when Jacob saw Rachel the daughter of Laban his mother's brother, and the sheep of Laban his mother's brother, that Jacob went near, and rolled the stone from the well's mouth, and watered the flock of Laban his mother's brother.
Genesis 29:11	And Jacob kissed Rachel, and lifted up his voice, and wept.
Genesis 29:12	And Jacob told Rachel that he was her father's brother, and that he was Rebekah's son: and she ran and told her father.
Genesis 29:13	And it came to pass, when Laban heard the tidings of Jacob his sister's son, that he ran to meet him, and embraced him, and kissed him, and brought him to his house. And he told Laban all these things.
Genesis 29:14	And Laban said to him, Surely thou art my bone and my flesh. And he abode with him the space of a month.
Genesis 29:15	And Laban said unto Jacob, Because thou art my brother, shouldest thou therefore serve me for nought? tell me, what shall thy wages be?
Genesis 29:16	And Laban had two daughters: the name of the elder was Leah, and the name of the younger was Rachel.
Genesis 29:17	Leah was tender eyed; but Rachel was beautiful and well favored.
Genesis 29:18	And Jacob loved Rachel; and said, I will serve thee seven years for Rachel thy younger daughter.
Genesis 29:19	And Laban said, It is better that I give her to thee, than that I should give her to another man: abide with me.
Genesis 29:20	And Jacob served seven years for Rachel; and they seemed unto him but a few days, for the love he had to her.
Genesis 29:21	And Jacob said unto Laban, Give me my wife, for my days are fulfilled, that I may go in unto her.
Genesis 29:22	And Laban gathered together all the men of the place, and made a feast.
Genesis 29:23	And it came to pass in the evening, that he took Leah his daughter, and brought her to him; and he went in unto her.
Genesis 29:24	And Laban gave unto his daughter Leah Zilpah his maid for an handmaid.
Genesis 29:25	And it came to pass, that in the morning, behold, it was Leah: and he said to Laban, What is this thou hast done unto me? did not I serve with thee for Rachel? wherefore then hast thou beguiled me?
Genesis 29:26	And Laban said, It must not be so done in our country, to give the younger before the firstborn.
Genesis 29:27	Fulfil her week, and we will give thee this also for the service which thou shalt serve with me yet seven other years.
Genesis 29:28	And Jacob did so, and fulfilled her week: and he gave him Rachel his daughter to wife also.
Genesis 29:29	And Laban gave to Rachel his daughter Bilhah his handmaid to be her maid.
Genesis 29:30	And he went in also unto Rachel, and he loved also Rachel more than Leah, and served with him yet seven other years.
Genesis 29:31	And when the LORD saw that Leah was hated, he opened her womb: but Rachel was barren.
Genesis 29:32	And Leah conceived, and bare a son, and she called his name Reuben: for she said, Surely the LORD hath looked upon my affliction; now therefore my husband will love me.
Genesis 29:33	And she conceived again, and bare a son; and said, Because the LORD hath heard I was hated, he hath therefore given me this son also: and she called his name Simeon.
Genesis 29:34	And she conceived again, and bare a son; and said, Now this time will my husband be joined unto me, because I have born him three sons: therefore was his name called Levi.
Genesis 29:35	And she conceived again, and bare a son: and she said, Now will I praise the LORD: therefore she called his name Judah; and left bearing.
Genesis 30:1	And when Rachel saw that she bare Jacob no children, Rachel envied her sister; and said unto Jacob, Give me children, or else I die.
Genesis 30:2	And Jacob's anger was kindled against Rachel: and he said, Am I in God's stead, who hath withheld from thee the fruit of the womb?
Genesis 30:3	And she said, Behold my maid Bilhah, go in unto her; and she shall bear upon my knees, that I may also have children by her.
Genesis 30:4	And she gave him Bilhah her handmaid to wife: and Jacob went in unto her.
Genesis 30:5	And Bilhah conceived, and bare Jacob a son.
Genesis 30:6	And Rachel said, God hath judged me, and hath also heard my voice, and hath given me a son: therefore called she his name Dan.
Genesis 30:7	And Bilhah Rachel's maid conceived again, and bare Jacob a second son.
Genesis 30:8	And Rachel said, With great wrestlings have I wrestled with my sister, and I have prevailed: and she called his name Naphtali.
Genesis 30:9	When Leah saw that she had left bearing, she took Zilpah her maid, and gave her Jacob to wife.
Genesis 30:10	And Zilpah Leah's maid bare Jacob a son.
Genesis 30:11	And Leah said, A troop cometh: and she called his name Gad.
Genesis 30:12	And Zilpah Leah's maid bare Jacob a second son.
Genesis 30:13	And Leah said, Happy am I, for the daughters will call me blessed: and she called his name Asher.
Genesis 30:14	And Reuben went in the days of wheat harvest, and found mandrakes in the field, and brought them unto his mother Leah. Then Rachel said to Leah, Give me, I pray thee, of thy son's mandrakes.
Genesis 30:15	And she said unto her, Is it a small matter that thou hast taken my husband? and wouldest thou take away my son's mandrakes also? And Rachel said, Therefore he shall lie with thee to night for thy son's mandrakes.
Genesis 30:16	And Jacob came out of the field in the evening, and Leah went out to meet him, and said, Thou must come in unto me; for surely I have hired thee with my son's mandrakes. And he lay with her that night.
Genesis 30:17	And God hearkened unto Leah, and she conceived, and bare Jacob the fifth son.
Genesis 30:18	And Leah said, God hath given me my hire, because I have given my maiden to my husband: and she called his name Issachar.
Genesis 30:19	And Leah conceived again, and bare Jacob the sixth son.
Genesis 30:20	And Leah said, God hath endued me with a good dowry; now will my husband dwell with me, because I have born him six sons: and she called his name Zebulun.
