1 Chronicles 16:31	Let the heavens be glad, and let the earth rejoice: and let men say among the nations, The LORD reigneth.
1 Chronicles 16:32	Let the sea roar, and the fulness thereof: let the fields rejoice, and all that is therein.
1 Chronicles 16:33	Then shall the trees of the wood sing out at the presence of the LORD, because he cometh to judge the earth.
1 Chronicles 16:34	O give thanks unto the LORD; for he is good; for his mercy endureth for ever.
1 Chronicles 16:35	And say ye, Save us, O God of our salvation, and gather us together, and deliver us from the heathen, that we may give thanks to thy holy name, and glory in thy praise.
1 Chronicles 16:36	Blessed be the LORD God of Israel for ever and ever. And all the people said, Amen, and praised the LORD.
1 Chronicles 16:37	So he left there before the ark of the covenant of the LORD Asaph and his brethren, to minister before the ark continually, as every day's work required:
1 Chronicles 16:38	And Obededom with their brethren, threescore and eight; Obededom also the son of Jeduthun and Hosah to be porters:
1 Chronicles 16:39	And Zadok the priest, and his brethren the priests, before the tabernacle of the LORD in the high place that was at Gibeon,
1 Chronicles 16:40	To offer burnt offerings unto the LORD upon the altar of the burnt offering continually morning and evening, and to do according to all that is written in the law of the LORD, which he commanded Israel;
1 Chronicles 16:41	And with them Heman and Jeduthun, and the rest that were chosen, who were expressed by name, to give thanks to the LORD, because his mercy endureth for ever;
1 Chronicles 16:42	And with them Heman and Jeduthun with trumpets and cymbals for those that should make a sound, and with musical instruments of God. And the sons of Jeduthun were porters.
1 Chronicles 16:43	And all the people departed every man to his house: and David returned to bless his house.
1 Chronicles 17:1	Now it came to pass, as David sat in his house, that David said to Nathan the prophet, Lo, I dwell in an house of cedars, but the ark of the covenant of the LORD remaineth under curtains.
1 Chronicles 17:2	Then Nathan said unto David, Do all that is in thine heart; for God is with thee.
1 Chronicles 17:3	And it came to pass the same night, that the word of God came to Nathan, saying,
1 Chronicles 17:4	Go and tell David my servant, Thus saith the LORD, Thou shalt not build me an house to dwell in:
1 Chronicles 17:5	For I have not dwelt in an house since the day that I brought up Israel unto this day; but have gone from tent to tent, and from one tabernacle to another.
1 Chronicles 17:6	Wheresoever I have walked with all Israel, spake I a word to any of the judges of Israel, whom I commanded to feed my people, saying, Why have ye not built me an house of cedars?
1 Chronicles 17:7	Now therefore thus shalt thou say unto my servant David, Thus saith the LORD of hosts, I took thee from the sheepcote, even from following the sheep, that thou shouldest be ruler over my people Israel:
1 Chronicles 17:8	And I have been with thee whithersoever thou hast walked, and have cut off all thine enemies from before thee, and have made thee a name like the name of the great men that are in the earth.
1 Chronicles 17:9	Also I will ordain a place for my people Israel, and will plant them, and they shall dwell in their place, and shall be moved no more; neither shall the children of wickedness waste them any more, as at the beginning,
1 Chronicles 17:10	And since the time that I commanded judges to be over my people Israel. Moreover I will subdue all thine enemies. Furthermore I tell thee that the LORD will build thee an house.
1 Chronicles 17:11	And it shall come to pass, when thy days be expired that thou must go to be with thy fathers, that I will raise up thy seed after thee, which shall be of thy sons; and I will establish his kingdom.
1 Chronicles 17:12	He shall build me an house, and I will stablish his throne for ever.
1 Chronicles 17:13	I will be his father, and he shall be my son: and I will not take my mercy away from him, as I took it from him that was before thee:
1 Chronicles 17:14	But I will settle him in mine house and in my kingdom for ever: and his throne shall be established for evermore.
1 Chronicles 17:15	According to all these words, and according to all this vision, so did Nathan speak unto David.
1 Chronicles 17:16	And David the king came and sat before the LORD, and said, Who am I, O LORD God, and what is mine house, that thou hast brought me hitherto?
1 Chronicles 17:17	And yet this was a small thing in thine eyes, O God; for thou hast also spoken of thy servant's house for a great while to come, and hast regarded me according to the estate of a man of high degree, O LORD God.
1 Chronicles 17:18	What can David speak more to thee for the honor of thy servant? for thou knowest thy servant.
1 Chronicles 17:19	O LORD, for thy servant's sake, and according to thine own heart, hast thou done all this greatness, in making known all these great things.
1 Chronicles 17:20	O LORD, there is none like thee, neither is there any God beside thee, according to all that we have heard with our ears.
1 Chronicles 17:21	And what one nation in the earth is like thy people Israel, whom God went to redeem to be his own people, to make thee a name of greatness and terribleness, by driving out nations from before thy people whom thou hast redeemed out of Egypt?
1 Chronicles 17:22	For thy people Israel didst thou make thine own people for ever; and thou, LORD, becamest their God.
1 Chronicles 17:23	Therefore now, LORD, let the thing that thou hast spoken concerning thy servant and concerning his house be established for ever, and do as thou hast said.
1 Chronicles 17:24	Let it even be established, that thy name may be magnified for ever, saying, The LORD of hosts is the God of Israel, even a God to Israel: and let the house of David thy servant be established before thee.
1 Chronicles 17:25	For thou, O my God, hast told thy servant that thou wilt build him an house: therefore thy servant hath found in his heart to pray before thee.
1 Chronicles 17:26	And now, LORD, thou art God, and hast promised this goodness unto thy servant:
1 Chronicles 17:27	Now therefore let it please thee to bless the house of thy servant, that it may be before thee for ever: for thou blessest, O LORD, and it shall be blessed for ever.
1 Chronicles 18:1	Now after this it came to pass, that David smote the Philistines, and subdued them, and took Gath and her towns out of the hand of the Philistines.
1 Chronicles 18:2	And he smote Moab; and the Moabites became David's servants, and brought gifts.
1 Chronicles 18:3	And David smote Hadarezer king of Zobah unto Hamath, as he went to stablish his dominion by the river Euphrates.
1 Chronicles 18:4	And David took from him a thousand chariots, and seven thousand horsemen, and twenty thousand footmen: David also houghed all the chariot horses, but reserved of them an hundred chariots.
1 Chronicles 18:5	And when the Syrians of Damascus came to help Hadarezer king of Zobah, David slew of the Syrians two and twenty thousand men.
1 Chronicles 18:6	Then David put garrisons in Syriadamascus; and the Syrians became David's servants, and brought gifts. Thus the LORD preserved David whithersoever he went.
1 Chronicles 18:7	And David took the shields of gold that were on the servants of Hadarezer, and brought them to Jerusalem.
1 Chronicles 18:8	Likewise from Tibhath, and from Chun, cities of Hadarezer, brought David very much brass, wherewith Solomon made the brazen sea, and the pillars, and the vessels of brass.
1 Chronicles 18:9	Now when Tou king of Hamath heard how David had smitten all the host of Hadarezer king of Zobah;
1 Chronicles 18:10	He sent Hadoram his son to king David, to enquire of his welfare, and to congratulate him, because he had fought against Hadarezer, and smitten him; (for Hadarezer had war with Tou;) and with him all manner of vessels of gold and silver and brass.
