Psalms 94:20	Shall the throne of iniquity have fellowship with thee, which frameth mischief by a law?
Psalms 94:21	They gather themselves together against the soul of the righteous, and condemn the innocent blood.
Psalms 94:22	But the LORD is my defence; and my God is the rock of my refuge.
Psalms 94:23	And he shall bring upon them their own iniquity, and shall cut them off in their own wickedness; yea, the LORD our God shall cut them off.
Psalms 95:1	O come, let us sing unto the LORD: let us make a joyful noise to the rock of our salvation.
Psalms 95:2	Let us come before his presence with thanksgiving, and make a joyful noise unto him with psalms.
Psalms 95:3	For the LORD is a great God, and a great King above all gods.
Psalms 95:4	In his hand are the deep places of the earth: the strength of the hills is his also.
Psalms 95:5	The sea is his, and he made it: and his hands formed the dry land.
Psalms 95:6	O come, let us worship and bow down: let us kneel before the LORD our maker.
Psalms 95:7	For he is our God; and we are the people of his pasture, and the sheep of his hand. To day if ye will hear his voice,
Psalms 95:8	Harden not your heart, as in the provocation, and as in the day of temptation in the wilderness:
Psalms 95:9	When your fathers tempted me, proved me, and saw my work.
Psalms 95:10	Forty years long was I grieved with this generation, and said, It is a people that do err in their heart, and they have not known my ways:
Psalms 95:11	Unto whom I sware in my wrath that they should not enter into my rest.
Psalms 96:1	O sing unto the LORD a new song: sing unto the LORD, all the earth.
Psalms 96:2	Sing unto the LORD, bless his name; shew forth his salvation from day to day.
Psalms 96:3	Declare his glory among the heathen, his wonders among all people.
Psalms 96:4	For the LORD is great, and greatly to be praised: he is to be feared above all gods.
Psalms 96:5	For all the gods of the nations are idols: but the LORD made the heavens.
Psalms 96:6	Honour and majesty are before him: strength and beauty are in his sanctuary.
Psalms 96:7	Give unto the LORD, O ye kindreds of the people, give unto the LORD glory and strength.
Psalms 96:8	Give unto the LORD the glory due unto his name: bring an offering, and come into his courts.
Psalms 96:9	O worship the LORD in the beauty of holiness: fear before him, all the earth.
Psalms 96:10	Say among the heathen that the LORD reigneth: the world also shall be established that it shall not be moved: he shall judge the people righteously.
Psalms 96:11	Let the heavens rejoice, and let the earth be glad; let the sea roar, and the fulness thereof.
Psalms 96:12	Let the field be joyful, and all that is therein: then shall all the trees of the wood rejoice
Psalms 96:13	Before the LORD: for he cometh, for he cometh to judge the earth: he shall judge the world with righteousness, and the people with his truth.
Psalms 97:1	The LORD reigneth; let the earth rejoice; let the multitude of isles be glad thereof.
Psalms 97:2	Clouds and darkness are round about him: righteousness and judgment are the habitation of his throne.
Psalms 97:3	A fire goeth before him, and burneth up his enemies round about.
Psalms 97:4	His lightnings enlightened the world: the earth saw, and trembled.
Psalms 97:5	The hills melted like wax at the presence of the LORD, at the presence of the Lord of the whole earth.
Psalms 97:6	The heavens declare his righteousness, and all the people see his glory.
Psalms 97:7	Confounded be all they that serve graven images, that boast themselves of idols: worship him, all ye gods.
Psalms 97:8	Zion heard, and was glad; and the daughters of Judah rejoiced because of thy judgments, O LORD.
Psalms 97:9	For thou, LORD, art high above all the earth: thou art exalted far above all gods.
Psalms 97:10	Ye that love the LORD, hate evil: he preserveth the souls of his saints; he delivereth them out of the hand of the wicked.
Psalms 97:11	Light is sown for the righteous, and gladness for the upright in heart.
Psalms 97:12	Rejoice in the LORD, ye righteous; and give thanks at the remembrance of his holiness.
Psalms 98:1	O sing unto the LORD a new song; for he hath done marvellous things: his right hand, and his holy arm, hath gotten him the victory.
Psalms 98:2	The LORD hath made known his salvation: his righteousness hath he openly shewed in the sight of the heathen.
Psalms 98:3	He hath remembered his mercy and his truth toward the house of Israel: all the ends of the earth have seen the salvation of our God.
Psalms 98:4	Make a joyful noise unto the LORD, all the earth: make a loud noise, and rejoice, and sing praise.
Psalms 98:5	Sing unto the LORD with the harp; with the harp, and the voice of a psalm.
Psalms 98:6	With trumpets and sound of cornet make a joyful noise before the LORD, the King.
Psalms 98:7	Let the sea roar, and the fulness thereof; the world, and they that dwell therein.
Psalms 98:8	Let the floods clap their hands: let the hills be joyful together
Psalms 98:9	Before the LORD; for he cometh to judge the earth: with righteousness shall he judge the world, and the people with equity.
Psalms 99:1	The LORD reigneth; let the people tremble: he sitteth between the cherubims; let the earth be moved.
