Ephesians 4:29	Let no corrupt communication proceed out of your mouth, but that which is good to the use of edifying, that it may minister grace unto the hearers.
Ephesians 4:30	And grieve not the holy Spirit of God, whereby ye are sealed unto the day of redemption.
Ephesians 4:31	Let all bitterness, and wrath, and anger, and clamour, and evil speaking, be put away from you, with all malice:
Ephesians 4:32	And be ye kind one to another, tenderhearted, forgiving one another, even as God for Christ's sake hath forgiven you.
Ephesians 5:1	Be ye therefore followers of God, as dear children;
Ephesians 5:2	And walk in love, as Christ also hath loved us, and hath given himself for us an offering and a sacrifice to God for a sweetsmelling savour.
Ephesians 5:3	But fornication, and all uncleanness, or covetousness, let it not be once named among you, as becometh saints;
Ephesians 5:4	Neither filthiness, nor foolish talking, nor jesting, which are not convenient: but rather giving of thanks.
Ephesians 5:5	For this ye know, that no whoremonger, nor unclean person, nor covetous man, who is an idolater, hath any inheritance in the kingdom of Christ and of God.
Ephesians 5:6	Let no man deceive you with vain words: for because of these things cometh the wrath of God upon the children of disobedience.
Ephesians 5:7	Be not ye therefore partakers with them.
Ephesians 5:8	For ye were sometimes darkness, but now are ye light in the Lord: walk as children of light:
Ephesians 5:9	(For the fruit of the Spirit is in all goodness and righteousness and truth;)
Ephesians 5:10	Proving what is acceptable unto the Lord.
Ephesians 5:11	And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove them.
Ephesians 5:12	For it is a shame even to speak of those things which are done of them in secret.
Ephesians 5:13	But all things that are reproved are made manifest by the light: for whatsoever doth make manifest is light.
Ephesians 5:14	Wherefore he saith, Awake thou that sleepest, and arise from the dead, and Christ shall give thee light.
Ephesians 5:15	See then that ye walk circumspectly, not as fools, but as wise,
Ephesians 5:16	Redeeming the time, because the days are evil.
Ephesians 5:17	Wherefore be ye not unwise, but understanding what the will of the Lord is.
Ephesians 5:18	And be not drunk with wine, wherein is excess; but be filled with the Spirit;
Ephesians 5:19	Speaking to yourselves in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing and making melody in your heart to the Lord;
Ephesians 5:20	Giving thanks always for all things unto God and the Father in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ;
Ephesians 5:21	Submitting yourselves one to another in the fear of God.
Ephesians 5:22	Wives, submit yourselves unto your own husbands, as unto the Lord.
Ephesians 5:23	For the husband is the head of the wife, even as Christ is the head of the church: and he is the saviour of the body.
Ephesians 5:24	Therefore as the church is subject unto Christ, so let the wives be to their own husbands in every thing.
Ephesians 5:25	Husbands, love your wives, even as Christ also loved the church, and gave himself for it;
Ephesians 5:26	That he might sanctify and cleanse it with the washing of water by the word,
Ephesians 5:27	That he might present it to himself a glorious church, not having spot, or wrinkle, or any such thing; but that it should be holy and without blemish.
Ephesians 5:28	So ought men to love their wives as their own bodies. He that loveth his wife loveth himself.
Ephesians 5:29	For no man ever yet hated his own flesh; but nourisheth and cherisheth it, even as the Lord the church:
Ephesians 5:30	For we are members of his body, of his flesh, and of his bones.
Ephesians 5:31	For this cause shall a man leave his father and mother, and shall be joined unto his wife, and they two shall be one flesh.
Ephesians 5:32	This is a great mystery: but I speak concerning Christ and the church.
Ephesians 5:33	Nevertheless let every one of you in particular so love his wife even as himself; and the wife see that she reverence her husband.
Ephesians 6:1	Children, obey your parents in the Lord: for this is right.
Ephesians 6:2	Honour thy father and mother; which is the first commandment with promise;
Ephesians 6:3	That it may be well with thee, and thou mayest live long on the earth.
Ephesians 6:4	And, ye fathers, provoke not your children to wrath: but bring them up in the nurture and admonition of the Lord.
Ephesians 6:5	Servants, be obedient to them that are your masters according to the flesh, with fear and trembling, in singleness of your heart, as unto Christ;
Ephesians 6:6	Not with eyeservice, as menpleasers; but as the servants of Christ, doing the will of God from the heart;
Ephesians 6:7	With good will doing service, as to the Lord, and not to men:
Ephesians 6:8	Knowing that whatsoever good thing any man doeth, the same shall he receive of the Lord, whether he be bond or free.
Ephesians 6:9	And, ye masters, do the same things unto them, forbearing threatening: knowing that your Master also is in heaven; neither is there respect of persons with him.
Ephesians 6:10	Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord, and in the power of his might.
Ephesians 6:11	Put on the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil.
Ephesians 6:12	For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places.
Ephesians 6:13	Wherefore take unto you the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to withstand in the evil day, and having done all, to stand.
