John 9:11	He answered and said, A man that is called Jesus made clay, and anointed mine eyes, and said unto me, Go to the pool of Siloam, and wash: and I went and washed, and I received sight.
John 9:12	Then said they unto him, Where is he? He said, I know not.
John 9:13	They brought to the Pharisees him that aforetime was blind.
John 9:14	And it was the sabbath day when Jesus made the clay, and opened his eyes.
John 9:15	Then again the Pharisees also asked him how he had received his sight. He said unto them, He put clay upon mine eyes, and I washed, and do see.
John 9:16	Therefore said some of the Pharisees, This man is not of God, because he keepeth not the sabbath day. Others said, How can a man that is a sinner do such miracles? And there was a division among them.
John 9:17	They say unto the blind man again, What sayest thou of him, that he hath opened thine eyes? He said, He is a prophet.
John 9:18	But the Jews did not believe concerning him, that he had been blind, and received his sight, until they called the parents of him that had received his sight.
John 9:19	And they asked them, saying, Is this your son, who ye say was born blind? how then doth he now see?
John 9:20	His parents answered them and said, We know that this is our son, and that he was born blind:
John 9:21	But by what means he now seeth, we know not; or who hath opened his eyes, we know not: he is of age; ask him: he shall speak for himself.
John 9:22	These words spake his parents, because they feared the Jews: for the Jews had agreed already, that if any man did confess that he was Christ, he should be put out of the synagogue.
John 9:23	Therefore said his parents, He is of age; ask him.
John 9:24	Then again called they the man that was blind, and said unto him, Give God the praise: we know that this man is a sinner.
John 9:25	He answered and said, Whether he be a sinner or no, I know not: one thing I know, that, whereas I was blind, now I see.
John 9:26	Then said they to him again, What did he to thee? how opened he thine eyes?
John 9:27	He answered them, I have told you already, and ye did not hear: wherefore would ye hear it again? will ye also be his disciples?
John 9:28	Then they reviled him, and said, Thou art his disciple; but we are Moses' disciples.
John 9:29	We know that God spake unto Moses: as for this fellow, we know not from whence he is.
John 9:30	The man answered and said unto them, Why herein is a marvellous thing, that ye know not from whence he is, and yet he hath opened mine eyes.
John 9:31	Now we know that God heareth not sinners: but if any man be a worshipper of God, and doeth his will, him he heareth.
John 9:32	Since the world began was it not heard that any man opened the eyes of one that was born blind.
John 9:33	If this man were not of God, he could do nothing.
John 9:34	They answered and said unto him, Thou wast altogether born in sins, and dost thou teach us? And they cast him out.
John 9:35	Jesus heard that they had cast him out; and when he had found him, he said unto him, Dost thou believe on the Son of God?
John 9:36	He answered and said, Who is he, Lord, that I might believe on him?
John 9:37	And Jesus said unto him, Thou hast both seen him, and it is he that talketh with thee.
John 9:38	And he said, Lord, I believe. And he worshipped him.
John 9:39	And Jesus said, For judgment I am come into this world, that they which see not might see; and that they which see might be made blind.
John 9:40	And some of the Pharisees which were with him heard these words, and said unto him, Are we blind also?
John 9:41	Jesus said unto them, If ye were blind, ye should have no sin: but now ye say, We see; therefore your sin remaineth.
John 10:1	Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that entereth not by the door into the sheepfold, but climbeth up some other way, the same is a thief and a robber.
John 10:2	But he that entereth in by the door is the shepherd of the sheep.
John 10:3	To him the porter openeth; and the sheep hear his voice: and he calleth his own sheep by name, and leadeth them out.
John 10:4	And when he putteth forth his own sheep, he goeth before them, and the sheep follow him: for they know his voice.
John 10:5	And a stranger will they not follow, but will flee from him: for they know not the voice of strangers.
John 10:6	This parable spake Jesus unto them: but they understood not what things they were which he spake unto them.
John 10:7	Then said Jesus unto them again, Verily, verily, I say unto you, I am the door of the sheep.
John 10:8	All that ever came before me are thieves and robbers: but the sheep did not hear them.
John 10:9	I am the door: by me if any man enter in, he shall be saved, and shall go in and out, and find pasture.
John 10:10	The thief cometh not, but for to steal, and to kill, and to destroy: I am come that they might have life, and that they might have it more abundantly.
John 10:11	I am the good shepherd: the good shepherd giveth his life for the sheep.
John 10:12	But he that is an hireling, and not the shepherd, whose own the sheep are not, seeth the wolf coming, and leaveth the sheep, and fleeth: and the wolf catcheth them, and scattereth the sheep.
John 10:13	The hireling fleeth, because he is an hireling, and careth not for the sheep.
John 10:14	I am the good shepherd, and know my sheep, and am known of mine.
John 10:15	As the Father knoweth me, even so know I the Father: and I lay down my life for the sheep.
John 10:16	And other sheep I have, which are not of this fold: them also I must bring, and they shall hear my voice; and there shall be one fold, and one shepherd.
John 10:17	Therefore doth my Father love me, because I lay down my life, that I might take it again.
John 10:18	No man taketh it from me, but I lay it down of myself. I have power to lay it down, and I have power to take it again. This commandment have I received of my Father.
John 10:19	There was a division therefore again among the Jews for these sayings.
