Luke 15:13	And not many days after the younger son gathered all together, and took his journey into a far country, and there wasted his substance with riotous living.
Luke 15:14	And when he had spent all, there arose a mighty famine in that land; and he began to be in want.
Luke 15:15	And he went and joined himself to a citizen of that country; and he sent him into his fields to feed swine.
Luke 15:16	And he would fain have filled his belly with the husks that the swine did eat: and no man gave unto him.
Luke 15:17	And when he came to himself, he said, How many hired servants of my father's have bread enough and to spare, and I perish with hunger!
Luke 15:18	I will arise and go to my father, and will say unto him, Father, I have sinned against heaven, and before thee,
Luke 15:19	And am no more worthy to be called thy son: make me as one of thy hired servants.
Luke 15:20	And he arose, and came to his father. But when he was yet a great way off, his father saw him, and had compassion, and ran, and fell on his neck, and kissed him.
Luke 15:21	And the son said unto him, Father, I have sinned against heaven, and in thy sight, and am no more worthy to be called thy son.
Luke 15:22	But the father said to his servants, Bring forth the best robe, and put it on him; and put a ring on his hand, and shoes on his feet:
Luke 15:23	And bring hither the fatted calf, and kill it; and let us eat, and be merry:
Luke 15:24	For this my son was dead, and is alive again; he was lost, and is found. And they began to be merry.
Luke 15:25	Now his elder son was in the field: and as he came and drew nigh to the house, he heard musick and dancing.
Luke 15:26	And he called one of the servants, and asked what these things meant.
Luke 15:27	And he said unto him, Thy brother is come; and thy father hath killed the fatted calf, because he hath received him safe and sound.
Luke 15:28	And he was angry, and would not go in: therefore came his father out, and intreated him.
Luke 15:29	And he answering said to his father, Lo, these many years do I serve thee, neither transgressed I at any time thy commandment: and yet thou never gavest me a kid, that I might make merry with my friends:
Luke 15:30	But as soon as this thy son was come, which hath devoured thy living with harlots, thou hast killed for him the fatted calf.
Luke 15:31	And he said unto him, Son, thou art ever with me, and all that I have is thine.
Luke 15:32	It was meet that we should make merry, and be glad: for this thy brother was dead, and is alive again; and was lost, and is found.
Luke 16:1	And he said also unto his disciples, There was a certain rich man, which had a steward; and the same was accused unto him that he had wasted his goods.
Luke 16:2	And he called him, and said unto him, How is it that I hear this of thee? give an account of thy stewardship; for thou mayest be no longer steward.
Luke 16:3	Then the steward said within himself, What shall I do? for my lord taketh away from me the stewardship: I cannot dig; to beg I am ashamed.
Luke 16:4	I am resolved what to do, that, when I am put out of the stewardship, they may receive me into their houses.
Luke 16:5	So he called every one of his lord's debtors unto him, and said unto the first, How much owest thou unto my lord?
Luke 16:6	And he said, An hundred measures of oil. And he said unto him, Take thy bill, and sit down quickly, and write fifty.
Luke 16:7	Then said he to another, And how much owest thou? And he said, An hundred measures of wheat. And he said unto him, Take thy bill, and write fourscore.
Luke 16:8	And the lord commended the unjust steward, because he had done wisely: for the children of this world are in their generation wiser than the children of light.
Luke 16:9	And I say unto you, Make to yourselves friends of the mammon of unrighteousness; that, when ye fail, they may receive you into everlasting habitations.
Luke 16:10	He that is faithful in that which is least is faithful also in much: and he that is unjust in the least is unjust also in much.
Luke 16:11	If therefore ye have not been faithful in the unrighteous mammon, who will commit to your trust the true riches?
Luke 16:12	And if ye have not been faithful in that which is another man's, who shall give you that which is your own?
Luke 16:13	No servant can serve two masters: for either he will hate the one, and love the other; or else he will hold to the one, and despise the other. Ye cannot serve God and mammon.
Luke 16:14	And the Pharisees also, who were covetous, heard all these things: and they derided him.
Luke 16:15	And he said unto them, Ye are they which justify yourselves before men; but God knoweth your hearts: for that which is highly esteemed among men is abomination in the sight of God.
Luke 16:16	The law and the prophets were until John: since that time the kingdom of God is preached, and every man presseth into it.
Luke 16:17	And it is easier for heaven and earth to pass, than one tittle of the law to fail.
Luke 16:18	Whosoever putteth away his wife, and marrieth another, committeth adultery: and whosoever marrieth her that is put away from her husband committeth adultery.
Luke 16:19	There was a certain rich man, which was clothed in purple and fine linen, and fared sumptuously every day:
Luke 16:20	And there was a certain beggar named Lazarus, which was laid at his gate, full of sores,
Luke 16:21	And desiring to be fed with the crumbs which fell from the rich man's table: moreover the dogs came and licked his sores.
Luke 16:22	And it came to pass, that the beggar died, and was carried by the angels into Abraham's bosom: the rich man also died, and was buried;
Luke 16:23	And in hell he lift up his eyes, being in torments, and seeth Abraham afar off, and Lazarus in his bosom.
Luke 16:24	And he cried and said, Father Abraham, have mercy on me, and send Lazarus, that he may dip the tip of his finger in water, and cool my tongue; for I am tormented in this flame.
Luke 16:25	But Abraham said, Son, remember that thou in thy lifetime receivedst thy good things, and likewise Lazarus evil things: but now he is comforted, and thou art tormented.
Luke 16:26	And beside all this, between us and you there is a great gulf fixed: so that they which would pass from hence to you cannot; neither can they pass to us, that would come from thence.
Luke 16:27	Then he said, I pray thee therefore, father, that thou wouldest send him to my father's house:
Luke 16:28	For I have five brethren; that he may testify unto them, lest they also come into this place of torment.
Luke 16:29	Abraham saith unto him, They have Moses and the prophets; let them hear them.
Luke 16:30	And he said, Nay, father Abraham: but if one went unto them from the dead, they will repent.
