2 Timothy 2:24	And the servant of the Lord must not strive; but be gentle unto all men, apt to teach, patient,
2 Timothy 2:25	In meekness instructing those that oppose themselves; if God peradventure will give them repentance to the acknowledging of the truth;
2 Timothy 2:26	And that they may recover themselves out of the snare of the devil, who are taken captive by him at his will.
2 Timothy 3:1	This know also, that in the last days perilous times shall come.
2 Timothy 3:2	For men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy,
2 Timothy 3:3	Without natural affection, trucebreakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that are good,
2 Timothy 3:4	Traitors, heady, highminded, lovers of pleasures more than lovers of God;
2 Timothy 3:5	Having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof: from such turn away.
2 Timothy 3:6	For of this sort are they which creep into houses, and lead captive silly women laden with sins, led away with divers lusts,
2 Timothy 3:7	Ever learning, and never able to come to the knowledge of the truth.
2 Timothy 3:8	Now as Jannes and Jambres withstood Moses, so do these also resist the truth: men of corrupt minds, reprobate concerning the faith.
2 Timothy 3:9	But they shall proceed no further: for their folly shall be manifest unto all men, as their's also was.
2 Timothy 3:10	But thou hast fully known my doctrine, manner of life, purpose, faith, longsuffering, charity, patience,
2 Timothy 3:11	Persecutions, afflictions, which came unto me at Antioch, at Iconium, at Lystra; what persecutions I endured: but out of them all the Lord delivered me.
2 Timothy 3:12	Yea, and all that will live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution.
2 Timothy 3:13	But evil men and seducers shall wax worse and worse, deceiving, and being deceived.
2 Timothy 3:14	But continue thou in the things which thou hast learned and hast been assured of, knowing of whom thou hast learned them;
2 Timothy 3:15	And that from a child thou hast known the holy scriptures, which are able to make thee wise unto salvation through faith which is in Christ Jesus.
2 Timothy 3:16	All scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness:
2 Timothy 3:17	That the man of God may be perfect, throughly furnished unto all good works.
2 Timothy 4:1	I charge thee therefore before God, and the Lord Jesus Christ, who shall judge the quick and the dead at his appearing and his kingdom;
2 Timothy 4:2	Preach the word; be instant in season, out of season; reprove, rebuke, exhort with all longsuffering and doctrine.
2 Timothy 4:3	For the time will come when they will not endure sound doctrine; but after their own lusts shall they heap to themselves teachers, having itching ears;
2 Timothy 4:4	And they shall turn away their ears from the truth, and shall be turned unto fables.
2 Timothy 4:5	But watch thou in all things, endure afflictions, do the work of an evangelist, make full proof of thy ministry.
2 Timothy 4:6	For I am now ready to be offered, and the time of my departure is at hand.
2 Timothy 4:7	I have fought a good fight, I have finished my course, I have kept the faith:
2 Timothy 4:8	Henceforth there is laid up for me a crown of righteousness, which the Lord, the righteous judge, shall give me at that day: and not to me only, but unto all them also that love his appearing.
2 Timothy 4:9	Do thy diligence to come shortly unto me:
2 Timothy 4:10	For Demas hath forsaken me, having loved this present world, and is departed unto Thessalonica; Crescens to Galatia, Titus unto Dalmatia.
2 Timothy 4:11	Only Luke is with me. Take Mark, and bring him with thee: for he is profitable to me for the ministry.
2 Timothy 4:12	And Tychicus have I sent to Ephesus.
2 Timothy 4:13	The cloke that I left at Troas with Carpus, when thou comest, bring with thee, and the books, but especially the parchments.
2 Timothy 4:14	Alexander the coppersmith did me much evil: the Lord reward him according to his works:
2 Timothy 4:15	Of whom be thou ware also; for he hath greatly withstood our words.
2 Timothy 4:16	At my first answer no man stood with me, but all men forsook me: I pray God that it may not be laid to their charge.
2 Timothy 4:17	Notwithstanding the Lord stood with me, and strengthened me; that by me the preaching might be fully known, and that all the Gentiles might hear: and I was delivered out of the mouth of the lion.
2 Timothy 4:18	And the Lord shall deliver me from every evil work, and will preserve me unto his heavenly kingdom: to whom be glory for ever and ever. Amen.
2 Timothy 4:19	Salute Prisca and Aquila, and the household of Onesiphorus.
2 Timothy 4:20	Erastus abode at Corinth: but Trophimus have I left at Miletum sick.
2 Timothy 4:21	Do thy diligence to come before winter. Eubulus greeteth thee, and Pudens, and Linus, and Claudia, and all the brethren.
2 Timothy 4:22	The Lord Jesus Christ be with thy spirit. Grace be with you. Amen.
Titus 1:1	Paul, a servant of God, and an apostle of Jesus Christ, according to the faith of God's elect, and the acknowledging of the truth which is after godliness;
Titus 1:2	In hope of eternal life, which God, that cannot lie, promised before the world began;
Titus 1:3	But hath in due times manifested his word through preaching, which is committed unto me according to the commandment of God our Saviour;
Titus 1:4	To Titus, mine own son after the common faith: Grace, mercy, and peace, from God the Father and the Lord Jesus Christ our Saviour.
Titus 1:5	For this cause left I thee in Crete, that thou shouldest set in order the things that are wanting, and ordain elders in every city, as I had appointed thee:
Titus 1:6	If any be blameless, the husband of one wife, having faithful children not accused of riot or unruly.
Titus 1:7	For a bishop must be blameless, as the steward of God; not selfwilled, not soon angry, not given to wine, no striker, not given to filthy lucre;
Titus 1:8	But a lover of hospitality, a lover of good men, sober, just, holy, temperate;
