Where they resign their office and their light
To the disposing of her troubled brain,
Who bids them still consort with ugly night
And never wound the heart with looks again--
  Who, like a king perplexed in his throne,
  By their suggestion gives a deadly groan,

Whereat each tributary subject quakes,
As when the wind imprisoned in the ground,
Struggling for passage, Earth's foundation shakes,
Which with cold terror doth men's minds confound.
  This mutiny each part doth so surprise
  That from their dark beds once more leap her eyes

And, being opened, threw unwilling light
Upon the wide wound that the boar had trenched
In his soft flank, whose wonted lily white
With purple tears, that his wound wept, had drenched.
  No flower was nigh, no grass, herb, leaf, or weed,
  But stole his blood and seemed with him to bleed.

This solemn sympathy poor Venus noteth.
Over one shoulder doth she hang her head.
Dumbly she passions, frantically she doteth.
She thinks he could not die, he is not dead.
  Her voice is stopped, her joints forget to bow,
  Her eyes are mad that they have wept till now.

Upon his hurt she looks so steadfastly
That her sight, dazzling, makes the wound seem three,
And then she reprehends her mangling eye,
That makes more gashes where no breach should be.
  His face seems twain, each several limb is doubled,
  For oft the eye mistakes, the brain being troubled.

"My tongue cannot express my grief for one
And yet," quoth she, "behold two Adons dead.
My sighs are blown away, my salt tears gone;
Mine eyes are turned to fire, my heart to lead.
  Heavy heart's lead, melt at mine eyes' red fire!
  So shall I die by drops of hot desire.

"Alas, poor world, what treasure hast thou lost!
What face remains alive that's worth the viewing?
Whose tongue is music now? What canst thou boast
Of things long since, or anything ensuing?
  The flowers are sweet, their colors fresh and trim,
  But true sweet beauty lived and died with him.

"Bonnet nor veil henceforth no creature wear;
