  Since her best work is ruined with thy rigor."

Here overcome as one full of despair,
She vailed her eyelids, who, like sluices, stopped
The crystal tide that from her two cheeks fair
In the sweet channel of her bosom dropped;
  But through the flood-gates breaks the silver rain,
  And with his strong course opens them again.

O, how her eyes and tears did lend and borrow!
Her eye seen in the tears, tears in her eye,
Both crystals, where they viewed each other's sorrow,
Sorrow that friendly sighs sought still to dry;
  But, like a stormy day, now wind, now rain,
  Sighs dry her cheeks, tears make them wet again.

Variable passions throng her constant woe
As striving who should best become her grief;
All entertained, each passion labors so
That every present sorrow seemeth chief,
  But none is best; then join they all together
  Like many clouds consulting for foul weather.

By this, far off she hears some huntsman hallow;
A nurse's song ne'er pleased her babe so well.
The dire imagination she did follow
This sound of hope doth labor to expel,
  For now reviving joy bids her rejoice
  And flatters her it is Adonis' voice,

Whereat her tears began to turn their tide,
Being prisoned in her eye like pearls in glass,
Yet sometimes falls an orient drop beside,
Which her cheek melts as scorning it should pass
  To wash the foul face of the sluttish ground,
  Who is but drunken when she seemeth drowned.

O hard-believing Love, how strange it seems
Not to believe and yet too credulous!
Thy weal and woe are both of them extremes.
Despair and hope makes thee ridiculous:
  The one doth flatter thee in thoughts unlikely;
  In likely thoughts the other kills thee quickly.

Now she unweaves the web that she hath wrought;
Adonis lives, and Death is not to blame;
It was not she that called him all to naught;
Now she adds honors to his hateful name.
  She clepes him king of graves and grave for kings,
  Imperious supreme of all mortal things.
