2 Chronicles 15:11	And they offered unto the LORD the same time, of the spoil which they had brought, seven hundred oxen and seven thousand sheep.
2 Chronicles 15:12	And they entered into a covenant to seek the LORD God of their fathers with all their heart and with all their soul;
2 Chronicles 15:13	That whosoever would not seek the LORD God of Israel should be put to death, whether small or great, whether man or woman.
2 Chronicles 15:14	And they sware unto the LORD with a loud voice, and with shouting, and with trumpets, and with cornets.
2 Chronicles 15:15	And all Judah rejoiced at the oath: for they had sworn with all their heart, and sought him with their whole desire; and he was found of them: and the LORD gave them rest round about.
2 Chronicles 15:16	And also concerning Maachah the mother of Asa the king, he removed her from being queen, because she had made an idol in a grove: and Asa cut down her idol, and stamped it, and burnt it at the brook Kidron.
2 Chronicles 15:17	But the high places were not taken away out of Israel: nevertheless the heart of Asa was perfect all his days.
2 Chronicles 15:18	And he brought into the house of God the things that his father had dedicated, and that he himself had dedicated, silver, and gold, and vessels.
2 Chronicles 15:19	And there was no more war unto the five and thirtieth year of the reign of Asa.
2 Chronicles 16:1	In the six and thirtieth year of the reign of Asa Baasha king of Israel came up against Judah, and built Ramah, to the intent that he might let none go out or come in to Asa king of Judah.
2 Chronicles 16:2	Then Asa brought out silver and gold out of the treasures of the house of the LORD and of the king's house, and sent to Benhadad king of Syria, that dwelt at Damascus, saying,
2 Chronicles 16:3	There is a league between me and thee, as there was between my father and thy father: behold, I have sent thee silver and gold; go, break thy league with Baasha king of Israel, that he may depart from me.
2 Chronicles 16:4	And Benhadad hearkened unto king Asa, and sent the captains of his armies against the cities of Israel; and they smote Ijon, and Dan, and Abelmaim, and all the store cities of Naphtali.
2 Chronicles 16:5	And it came to pass, when Baasha heard it, that he left off building of Ramah, and let his work cease.
2 Chronicles 16:6	Then Asa the king took all Judah; and they carried away the stones of Ramah, and the timber thereof, wherewith Baasha was building; and he built therewith Geba and Mizpah.
2 Chronicles 16:7	And at that time Hanani the seer came to Asa king of Judah, and said unto him, Because thou hast relied on the king of Syria, and not relied on the LORD thy God, therefore is the host of the king of Syria escaped out of thine hand.
2 Chronicles 16:8	Were not the Ethiopians and the Lubims a huge host, with very many chariots and horsemen? yet, because thou didst rely on the LORD, he delivered them into thine hand.
2 Chronicles 16:9	For the eyes of the LORD run to and fro throughout the whole earth, to show himself strong in the behalf of them whose heart is perfect toward him. Herein thou hast done foolishly: therefore from henceforth thou shalt have wars.
2 Chronicles 16:10	Then Asa was wroth with the seer, and put him in a prison house; for he was in a rage with him because of this thing. And Asa oppressed some of the people the same time.
2 Chronicles 16:11	And, behold, the acts of Asa, first and last, lo, they are written in the book of the kings of Judah and Israel.
2 Chronicles 16:12	And Asa in the thirty and ninth year of his reign was diseased in his feet, until his disease was exceeding great: yet in his disease he sought not to the LORD, but to the physicians.
2 Chronicles 16:13	And Asa slept with his fathers, and died in the one and fortieth year of his reign.
2 Chronicles 16:14	And they buried him in his own sepulchres, which he had made for himself in the city of David, and laid him in the bed which was filled with sweet odorous and divers kinds of spices prepared by the apothecaries' art: and they made a very great burning for him.
2 Chronicles 17:1	And Jehoshaphat his son reigned in his stead, and strengthened himself against Israel.
2 Chronicles 17:2	And he placed forces in all the fenced cities of Judah, and set garrisons in the land of Judah, and in the cities of Ephraim, which Asa his father had taken.
2 Chronicles 17:3	And the LORD was with Jehoshaphat, because he walked in the first ways of his father David, and sought not unto Baalim;
2 Chronicles 17:4	But sought to the Lord God of his father, and walked in his commandments, and not after the doings of Israel.
2 Chronicles 17:5	Therefore the LORD stablished the kingdom in his hand; and all Judah brought to Jehoshaphat presents; and he had riches and honor in abundance.
2 Chronicles 17:6	And his heart was lifted up in the ways of the LORD: moreover he took away the high places and groves out of Judah.
2 Chronicles 17:7	Also in the third year of his reign he sent to his princes, even to Benhail, and to Obadiah, and to Zechariah, and to Nethaneel, and to Michaiah, to teach in the cities of Judah.
2 Chronicles 17:8	And with them he sent Levites, even Shemaiah, and Nethaniah, and Zebadiah, and Asahel, and Shemiramoth, and Jehonathan, and Adonijah, and Tobijah, and Tobadonijah, Levites; and with them Elishama and Jehoram, priests.
2 Chronicles 17:9	And they taught in Judah, and had the book of the law of the LORD with them, and went about throughout all the cities of Judah, and taught the people.
2 Chronicles 17:10	And the fear of the LORD fell upon all the kingdoms of the lands that were round about Judah, so that they made no war against Jehoshaphat.
2 Chronicles 17:11	Also some of the Philistines brought Jehoshaphat presents, and tribute silver; and the Arabians brought him flocks, seven thousand and seven hundred rams, and seven thousand and seven hundred he goats.
2 Chronicles 17:12	And Jehoshaphat waxed great exceedingly; and he built in Judah castles, and cities of store.
2 Chronicles 17:13	And he had much business in the cities of Judah: and the men of war, mighty men of valor, were in Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 17:14	And these are the numbers of them according to the house of their fathers: Of Judah, the captains of thousands; Adnah the chief, and with him mighty men of valor three hundred thousand.
2 Chronicles 17:15	And next to him was Jehohanan the captain, and with him two hundred and fourscore thousand.
2 Chronicles 17:16	And next him was Amasiah the son of Zichri, who willingly offered himself unto the LORD; and with him two hundred thousand mighty men of valor.
2 Chronicles 17:17	And of Benjamin; Eliada a mighty man of valor, and with him armed men with bow and shield two hundred thousand.
2 Chronicles 17:18	And next him was Jehozabad, and with him an hundred and fourscore thousand ready prepared for the war.
2 Chronicles 17:19	These waited on the king, beside those whom the king put in the fenced cities throughout all Judah.
2 Chronicles 18:1	Now Jehoshaphat had riches and honor in abundance, and joined affinity with Ahab.
2 Chronicles 18:2	And after certain years he went down to Ahab to Samaria. And Ahab killed sheep and oxen for him in abundance, and for the people that he had with him, and persuaded him to go up with him to Ramothgilead.
2 Chronicles 18:3	And Ahab king of Israel said unto Jehoshaphat king of Judah, Wilt thou go with me to Ramothgilead? And he answered him, I am as thou art, and my people as thy people; and we will be with thee in the war.
2 Chronicles 18:4	And Jehoshaphat said unto the king of Israel, Enquire, I pray thee, at the word of the LORD to day.
2 Chronicles 18:5	Therefore the king of Israel gathered together of prophets four hundred men, and said unto them, Shall we go to Ramothgilead to battle, or shall I forbear? And they said, Go up; for God will deliver it into the king's hand.
2 Chronicles 18:6	But Jehoshaphat said, Is there not here a prophet of the LORD besides, that we might enquire of him?
2 Chronicles 18:7	And the king of Israel said unto Jehoshaphat, There is yet one man, by whom we may enquire of the LORD: but I hate him; for he never prophesied good unto me, but always evil: the same is Micaiah the son of Imla. And Jehoshaphat said, Let not the king say so.
2 Chronicles 18:8	And the king of Israel called for one of his officers, and said, Fetch quickly Micaiah the son of Imla.
