Psalms 2:6	Yet have I set my king upon my holy hill of Zion.
Psalms 2:7	I will declare the decree: the LORD hath said unto me, Thou art my Son; this day have I begotten thee.
Psalms 2:8	Ask of me, and I shall give thee the heathen for thine inheritance, and the uttermost parts of the earth for thy possession.
Psalms 2:9	Thou shalt break them with a rod of iron; thou shalt dash them in pieces like a potter's vessel.
Psalms 2:10	Be wise now therefore, O ye kings: be instructed, ye judges of the earth.
Psalms 2:11	Serve the LORD with fear, and rejoice with trembling.
Psalms 2:12	Kiss the Son, lest he be angry, and ye perish from the way, when his wrath is kindled but a little. Blessed are all they that put their trust in him.
Psalms 3:1	Lord, how are they increased that trouble me! many are they that rise up against me.
Psalms 3:2	Many there be which say of my soul, There is no help for him in God. Selah.
Psalms 3:3	But thou, O LORD, art a shield for me; my glory, and the lifter up of mine head.
Psalms 3:4	I cried unto the LORD with my voice, and he heard me out of his holy hill. Selah.
Psalms 3:5	I laid me down and slept; I awaked; for the LORD sustained me.
Psalms 3:6	I will not be afraid of ten thousands of people, that have set themselves against me round about.
Psalms 3:7	Arise, O LORD; save me, O my God: for thou hast smitten all mine enemies upon the cheek bone; thou hast broken the teeth of the ungodly.
Psalms 3:8	Salvation belongeth unto the LORD: thy blessing is upon thy people. Selah.
Psalms 4:1	Hear me when I call, O God of my righteousness: thou hast enlarged me when I was in distress; have mercy upon me, and hear my prayer.
Psalms 4:2	O ye sons of men, how long will ye turn my glory into shame? how long will ye love vanity, and seek after leasing? Selah.
Psalms 4:3	But know that the LORD hath set apart him that is godly for himself: the LORD will hear when I call unto him.
Psalms 4:4	Stand in awe, and sin not: commune with your own heart upon your bed, and be still. Selah.
Psalms 4:5	Offer the sacrifices of righteousness, and put your trust in the LORD.
Psalms 4:6	There be many that say, Who will shew us any good? LORD, lift thou up the light of thy countenance upon us.
Psalms 4:7	Thou hast put gladness in my heart, more than in the time that their corn and their wine increased.
Psalms 4:8	I will both lay me down in peace, and sleep: for thou, LORD, only makest me dwell in safety.
Psalms 5:1	Give ear to my words, O LORD, consider my meditation.
Psalms 5:2	Hearken unto the voice of my cry, my King, and my God: for unto thee will I pray.
Psalms 5:3	My voice shalt thou hear in the morning, O LORD; in the morning will I direct my prayer unto thee, and will look up.
Psalms 5:4	For thou art not a God that hath pleasure in wickedness: neither shall evil dwell with thee.
Psalms 5:5	The foolish shall not stand in thy sight: thou hatest all workers of iniquity.
Psalms 5:6	Thou shalt destroy them that speak leasing: the LORD will abhor the bloody and deceitful man.
Psalms 5:7	But as for me, I will come into thy house in the multitude of thy mercy: and in thy fear will I worship toward thy holy temple.
Psalms 5:8	Lead me, O LORD, in thy righteousness because of mine enemies; make thy way straight before my face.
Psalms 5:9	For there is no faithfulness in their mouth; their inward part is very wickedness; their throat is an open sepulchre; they flatter with their tongue.
Psalms 5:10	Destroy thou them, O God; let them fall by their own counsels; cast them out in the multitude of their transgressions; for they have rebelled against thee.
Psalms 5:11	But let all those that put their trust in thee rejoice: let them ever shout for joy, because thou defendest them: let them also that love thy name be joyful in thee.
Psalms 5:12	For thou, LORD, wilt bless the righteous; with favour wilt thou compass him as with a shield.
Psalms 6:1	O LORD, rebuke me not in thine anger, neither chasten me in thy hot displeasure.
Psalms 6:2	Have mercy upon me, O LORD; for I am weak: O LORD, heal me; for my bones are vexed.
Psalms 6:3	My soul is also sore vexed: but thou, O LORD, how long?
Psalms 6:4	Return, O LORD, deliver my soul: oh save me for thy mercies' sake.
Psalms 6:5	For in death there is no remembrance of thee: in the grave who shall give thee thanks?
Psalms 6:6	I am weary with my groaning; all the night make I my bed to swim; I water my couch with my tears.
Psalms 6:7	Mine eye is consumed because of grief; it waxeth old because of all mine enemies.
Psalms 6:8	Depart from me, all ye workers of iniquity; for the LORD hath heard the voice of my weeping.
Psalms 6:9	The LORD hath heard my supplication; the LORD will receive my prayer.
Psalms 6:10	Let all mine enemies be ashamed and sore vexed: let them return and be ashamed suddenly.
Psalms 7:1	O LORD my God, in thee do I put my trust: save me from all them that persecute me, and deliver me:
Psalms 7:2	Lest he tear my soul like a lion, rending it in pieces, while there is none to deliver.
Psalms 7:3	O LORD my God, If I have done this; if there be iniquity in my hands;
Psalms 7:4	If I have rewarded evil unto him that was at peace with me; (yea, I have delivered him that without cause is mine enemy:)
Psalms 7:5	Let the enemy persecute my soul, and take it; yea, let him tread down my life upon the earth, and lay mine honour in the dust. Selah.
