1 Chronicles 12:31	And of the half tribe of Manasseh eighteen thousand, which were expressed by name, to come and make David king.
1 Chronicles 12:32	And of the children of Issachar, which were men that had understanding of the times, to know what Israel ought to do; the heads of them were two hundred; and all their brethren were at their commandment.
1 Chronicles 12:33	Of Zebulun, such as went forth to battle, expert in war, with all instruments of war, fifty thousand, which could keep rank: they were not of double heart.
1 Chronicles 12:34	And of Naphtali a thousand captains, and with them with shield and spear thirty and seven thousand.
1 Chronicles 12:35	And of the Danites expert in war twenty and eight thousand and six hundred.
1 Chronicles 12:36	And of Asher, such as went forth to battle, expert in war, forty thousand.
1 Chronicles 12:37	And on the other side of Jordan, of the Reubenites, and the Gadites, and of the half tribe of Manasseh, with all manner of instruments of war for the battle, an hundred and twenty thousand.
1 Chronicles 12:38	All these men of war, that could keep rank, came with a perfect heart to Hebron, to make David king over all Israel: and all the rest also of Israel were of one heart to make David king.
1 Chronicles 12:39	And there they were with David three days, eating and drinking: for their brethren had prepared for them.
1 Chronicles 12:40	Moreover they that were nigh them, even unto Issachar and Zebulun and Naphtali, brought bread on asses, and on camels, and on mules, and on oxen, and meat, meal, cakes of figs, and bunches of raisins, and wine, and oil, and oxen, and sheep abundantly: for there was joy in Israel.
1 Chronicles 13:1	And David consulted with the captains of thousands and hundreds, and with every leader.
1 Chronicles 13:2	And David said unto all the congregation of Israel, If it seem good unto you, and that it be of the LORD our God, let us send abroad unto our brethren every where, that are left in all the land of Israel, and with them also to the priests and Levites which are in their cities and suburbs, that they may gather themselves unto us:
1 Chronicles 13:3	And let us bring again the ark of our God to us: for we inquired not at it in the days of Saul.
1 Chronicles 13:4	And all the congregation said that they would do so: for the thing was right in the eyes of all the people.
1 Chronicles 13:5	So David gathered all Israel together, from Shihor of Egypt even unto the entering of Hemath, to bring the ark of God from Kirjathjearim.
1 Chronicles 13:6	And David went up, and all Israel, to Baalah, that is, to Kirjathjearim, which belonged to Judah, to bring up thence the ark of God the LORD, that dwelleth between the cherubim, whose name is called on it.
1 Chronicles 13:7	And they carried the ark of God in a new cart out of the house of Abinadab: and Uzza and Ahio drave the cart.
1 Chronicles 13:8	And David and all Israel played before God with all their might, and with singing, and with harps, and with psalteries, and with timbrels, and with cymbals, and with trumpets.
1 Chronicles 13:9	And when they came unto the threshingfloor of Chidon, Uzza put forth his hand to hold the ark; for the oxen stumbled.
1 Chronicles 13:10	And the anger of the LORD was kindled against Uzza, and he smote him, because he put his hand to the ark: and there he died before God.
1 Chronicles 13:11	And David was displeased, because the LORD had made a breach upon Uzza: wherefore that place is called Perezuzza to this day.
1 Chronicles 13:12	And David was afraid of God that day, saying, How shall I bring the ark of God home to me?
1 Chronicles 13:13	So David brought not the ark home to himself to the city of David, but carried it aside into the house of Obededom the Gittite.
1 Chronicles 13:14	And the ark of God remained with the family of Obededom in his house three months. And the LORD blessed the house of Obededom, and all that he had.
1 Chronicles 14:1	Now Hiram king of Tyre sent messengers to David, and timber of cedars, with masons and carpenters, to build him an house.
1 Chronicles 14:2	And David perceived that the LORD had confirmed him king over Israel, for his kingdom was lifted up on high, because of his people Israel.
1 Chronicles 14:3	And David took more wives at Jerusalem: and David begat more sons and daughters.
1 Chronicles 14:4	Now these are the names of his children which he had in Jerusalem; Shammua, and Shobab, Nathan, and Solomon,
1 Chronicles 14:5	And Ibhar, and Elishua, and Elpalet,
1 Chronicles 14:6	And Nogah, and Nepheg, and Japhia,
1 Chronicles 14:7	And Elishama, and Beeliada, and Eliphalet.
1 Chronicles 14:8	And when the Philistines heard that David was anointed king over all Israel, all the Philistines went up to seek David. And David heard of it, and went out against them.
1 Chronicles 14:9	And the Philistines came and spread themselves in the valley of Rephaim.
1 Chronicles 14:10	And David inquired of God, saying, Shall I go up against the Philistines? And wilt thou deliver them into mine hand? And the LORD said unto him, Go up; for I will deliver them into thine hand.
1 Chronicles 14:11	So they came up to Baalperazim; and David smote them there. Then David said, God hath broken in upon mine enemies by mine hand like the breaking forth of waters: therefore they called the name of that place Baalperazim.
1 Chronicles 14:12	And when they had left their gods there, David gave a commandment, and they were burned with fire.
1 Chronicles 14:13	And the Philistines yet again spread themselves abroad in the valley.
1 Chronicles 14:14	Therefore David inquired again of God; and God said unto him, Go not up after them; turn away from them, and come upon them over against the mulberry trees.
1 Chronicles 14:15	And it shall be, when thou shalt hear a sound of going in the tops of the mulberry trees, that then thou shalt go out to battle: for God is gone forth before thee to smite the host of the Philistines.
1 Chronicles 14:16	David therefore did as God commanded him: and they smote the host of the Philistines from Gibeon even to Gazer.
1 Chronicles 14:17	And the fame of David went out into all lands; and the LORD brought the fear of him upon all nations.
1 Chronicles 15:1	And David made him houses in the city of David, and prepared a place for the ark of God, and pitched for it a tent.
1 Chronicles 15:2	Then David said, None ought to carry the ark of God but the Levites: for them hath the LORD chosen to carry the ark of God, and to minister unto him for ever.
1 Chronicles 15:3	And David gathered all Israel together to Jerusalem, to bring up the ark of the LORD unto his place, which he had prepared for it.
1 Chronicles 15:4	And David assembled the children of Aaron, and the Levites:
1 Chronicles 15:5	Of the sons of Kohath; Uriel the chief, and his brethren an hundred and twenty:
1 Chronicles 15:6	Of the sons of Merari; Asaiah the chief, and his brethren two hundred and twenty:
1 Chronicles 15:7	Of the sons of Gershom; Joel the chief and his brethren an hundred and thirty:
1 Chronicles 15:8	Of the sons of Elizaphan; Shemaiah the chief, and his brethren two hundred:
1 Chronicles 15:9	Of the sons of Hebron; Eliel the chief, and his brethren fourscore:
