Job 4:21	Doth not their excellency which is in them go away? they die, even without wisdom.
Job 5:1	Call now, if there be any that will answer thee; and to which of the saints wilt thou turn?
Job 5:2	For wrath killeth the foolish man, and envy slayeth the silly one.
Job 5:3	I have seen the foolish taking root: but suddenly I cursed his habitation.
Job 5:4	His children are far from safety, and they are crushed in the gate, neither is there any to deliver them.
Job 5:5	Whose harvest the hungry eateth up, and taketh it even out of the thorns, and the robber swalloweth up their substance.
Job 5:6	Although affliction cometh not forth of the dust, neither doth trouble spring out of the ground;
Job 5:7	Yet man is born unto trouble, as the sparks fly upward.
Job 5:8	I would seek unto God, and unto God would I commit my cause:
Job 5:9	Which doeth great things and unsearchable; marvellous things without number:
Job 5:10	Who giveth rain upon the earth, and sendeth waters upon the fields:
Job 5:11	To set up on high those that be low; that those which mourn may be exalted to safety.
Job 5:12	He disappointeth the devices of the crafty, so that their hands cannot perform their enterprise.
Job 5:13	He taketh the wise in their own craftiness: and the counsel of the froward is carried headlong.
Job 5:14	They meet with darkness in the day time, and grope in the noonday as in the night.
Job 5:15	But he saveth the poor from the sword, from their mouth, and from the hand of the mighty.
Job 5:16	So the poor hath hope, and iniquity stoppeth her mouth.
Job 5:17	Behold, happy is the man whom God correcteth: therefore despise not thou the chastening of the Almighty:
Job 5:18	For he maketh sore, and bindeth up: he woundeth, and his hands make whole.
Job 5:19	He shall deliver thee in six troubles: yea, in seven there shall no evil touch thee.
Job 5:20	In famine he shall redeem thee from death: and in war from the power of the sword.
Job 5:21	Thou shalt be hid from the scourge of the tongue: neither shalt thou be afraid of destruction when it cometh.
Job 5:22	At destruction and famine thou shalt laugh: neither shalt thou be afraid of the beasts of the earth.
Job 5:23	For thou shalt be in league with the stones of the field: and the beasts of the field shall be at peace with thee.
Job 5:24	And thou shalt know that thy tabernacle shall be in peace; and thou shalt visit thy habitation, and shalt not sin.
Job 5:25	Thou shalt know also that thy seed shall be great, and thine offspring as the grass of the earth.
Job 5:26	Thou shalt come to thy grave in a full age, like as a shock of corn cometh in in his season.
Job 5:27	Lo this, we have searched it, so it is; hear it, and know thou it for thy good.
Job 6:1	But Job answered and said,
Job 6:2	Oh that my grief were throughly weighed, and my calamity laid in the balances together!
Job 6:3	For now it would be heavier than the sand of the sea: therefore my words are swallowed up.
Job 6:4	For the arrows of the Almighty are within me, the poison whereof drinketh up my spirit: the terrors of God do set themselves in array against me.
Job 6:5	Doth the wild ass bray when he hath grass? or loweth the ox over his fodder?
Job 6:6	Can that which is unsavoury be eaten without salt? or is there any taste in the white of an egg?
Job 6:7	The things that my soul refused to touch are as my sorrowful meat.
Job 6:8	Oh that I might have my request; and that God would grant me the thing that I long for!
Job 6:9	Even that it would please God to destroy me; that he would let loose his hand, and cut me off!
Job 6:10	Then should I yet have comfort; yea, I would harden myself in sorrow: let him not spare; for I have not concealed the words of the Holy One.
Job 6:11	What is my strength, that I should hope? and what is mine end, that I should prolong my life?
Job 6:12	Is my strength the strength of stones? or is my flesh of brass?
Job 6:13	Is not my help in me? and is wisdom driven quite from me?
Job 6:14	To him that is afflicted pity should be shewed from his friend; but he forsaketh the fear of the Almighty.
Job 6:15	My brethren have dealt deceitfully as a brook, and as the stream of brooks they pass away;
Job 6:16	Which are blackish by reason of the ice, and wherein the snow is hid:
Job 6:17	What time they wax warm, they vanish: when it is hot, they are consumed out of their place.
Job 6:18	The paths of their way are turned aside; they go to nothing, and perish.
Job 6:19	The troops of Tema looked, the companies of Sheba waited for them.
Job 6:20	They were confounded because they had hoped; they came thither, and were ashamed.
Job 6:21	For now ye are nothing; ye see my casting down, and are afraid.
Job 6:22	Did I say, Bring unto me? or, Give a reward for me of your substance?
