2 Chronicles 36:8	Now the rest of the acts of Jehoiakim, and his abominations which he did, and that which was found in him, behold, they are written in the book of the kings of Israel and Judah: and Jehoiachin his son reigned in his stead.
2 Chronicles 36:9	Jehoiachin was eight years old when he began to reign, and he reigned three months and ten days in Jerusalem: and he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD.
2 Chronicles 36:10	And when the year was expired, king Nebuchadnezzar sent, and brought him to Babylon, with the goodly vessels of the house of the LORD, and made Zedekiah his brother king over Judah and Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 36:11	Zedekiah was one and twenty years old when he began to reign, and reigned eleven years in Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 36:12	And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD his God, and humbled not himself before Jeremiah the prophet speaking from the mouth of the LORD.
2 Chronicles 36:13	And he also rebelled against king Nebuchadnezzar, who had made him swear by God: but he stiffened his neck, and hardened his heart from turning unto the LORD God of Israel.
2 Chronicles 36:14	Moreover all the chief of the priests, and the people, transgressed very much after all the abominations of the heathen; and polluted the house of the LORD which he had hallowed in Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 36:15	And the LORD God of their fathers sent to them by his messengers, rising up betimes, and sending; because he had compassion on his people, and on his dwelling place:
2 Chronicles 36:16	But they mocked the messengers of God, and despised his words, and misused his prophets, until the wrath of the LORD arose against his people, till there was no remedy.
2 Chronicles 36:17	Therefore he brought upon them the king of the Chaldees, who slew their young men with the sword in the house of their sanctuary, and had no compassion upon young man or maiden, old man, or him that stooped for age: he gave them all into his hand.
2 Chronicles 36:18	And all the vessels of the house of God, great and small, and the treasures of the house of the LORD, and the treasures of the king, and of his princes; all these he brought to Babylon.
2 Chronicles 36:19	And they burnt the house of God, and brake down the wall of Jerusalem, and burnt all the palaces thereof with fire, and destroyed all the goodly vessels thereof.
2 Chronicles 36:20	And them that had escaped from the sword carried he away to Babylon; where they were servants to him and his sons until the reign of the kingdom of Persia:
2 Chronicles 36:21	To fulfil the word of the LORD by the mouth of Jeremiah, until the land had enjoyed her sabbaths: for as long as she lay desolate she kept sabbath, to fulfil threescore and ten years.
2 Chronicles 36:22	Now in the first year of Cyrus king of Persia, that the word of the LORD spoken by the mouth of Jeremiah might be accomplished, the LORD stirred up the spirit of Cyrus king of Persia, that he made a proclamation throughout all his kingdom, and put it also in writing, saying,
2 Chronicles 36:23	Thus saith Cyrus king of Persia, All the kingdoms of the earth hath the LORD God of heaven given me; and he hath charged me to build him an house in Jerusalem, which is in Judah. Who is there among you of all his people? The LORD his God be with him, and let him go up.
Ezra 1:1	Now in the first year of Cyrus king of Persia, that the word of the LORD by the mouth of Jeremiah might be fulfilled, the LORD stirred up the spirit of Cyrus king of Persia, that he made a proclamation throughout all his kingdom, and put it also in writing, saying,
Ezra 1:2	Thus saith Cyrus king of Persia, The LORD God of heaven hath given me all the kingdoms of the earth; and he hath charged me to build him an house at Jerusalem, which is in Judah.
Ezra 1:3	Who is there among you of all his people? his God be with him, and let him go up to Jerusalem, which is in Judah, and build the house of the LORD God of Israel, (he is the God,) which is in Jerusalem.
Ezra 1:4	And whosoever remaineth in any place where he sojourneth, let the men of his place help him with silver, and with gold, and with goods, and with beasts, beside the freewill offering for the house of God that is in Jerusalem.
Ezra 1:5	Then rose up the chief of the fathers of Judah and Benjamin, and the priests, and the Levites, with all them whose spirit God had raised, to go up to build the house of the LORD which is in Jerusalem.
Ezra 1:6	And all they that were about them strengthened their hands with vessels of silver, with gold, with goods, and with beasts, and with precious things, beside all that was willingly offered.
Ezra 1:7	Also Cyrus the king brought forth the vessels of the house of the LORD, which Nebuchadnezzar had brought forth out of Jerusalem, and had put them in the house of his gods;
Ezra 1:8	Even those did Cyrus king of Persia bring forth by the hand of Mithredath the treasurer, and numbered them unto Sheshbazzar, the prince of Judah.
Ezra 1:9	And this is the number of them: thirty chargers of gold, a thousand chargers of silver, nine and twenty knives,
Ezra 1:10	Thirty basins of gold, silver basins of a second sort four hundred and ten, and other vessels a thousand.
Ezra 1:11	All the vessels of gold and of silver were five thousand and four hundred. All these did Sheshbazzar bring up with them of the captivity that were brought up from Babylon unto Jerusalem.
Ezra 2:1	Now these are the children of the province that went up out of the captivity, of those which had been carried away, whom Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon had carried away unto Babylon, and came again unto Jerusalem and Judah, every one unto his city;
Ezra 2:2	Which came with Zerubbabel: Jeshua, Nehemiah, Seraiah, Reelaiah, Mordecai, Bilshan, Mizpar, Bigvai, Rehum, Baanah. The number of the men of the people of Israel:
Ezra 2:3	The children of Parosh, two thousand an hundred seventy and two.
Ezra 2:4	The children of Shephatiah, three hundred seventy and two.
Ezra 2:5	The children of Arah, seven hundred seventy and five.
Ezra 2:6	The children of Pahathmoab, of the children of Jeshua and Joab, two thousand eight hundred and twelve.
Ezra 2:7	The children of Elam, a thousand two hundred fifty and four.
Ezra 2:8	The children of Zattu, nine hundred forty and five.
Ezra 2:9	The children of Zaccai, seven hundred and threescore.
Ezra 2:10	The children of Bani, six hundred forty and two.
Ezra 2:11	The children of Bebai, six hundred twenty and three.
Ezra 2:12	The children of Azgad, a thousand two hundred twenty and two.
Ezra 2:13	The children of Adonikam, six hundred sixty and six.
Ezra 2:14	The children of Bigvai, two thousand fifty and six.
Ezra 2:15	The children of Adin, four hundred fifty and four.
Ezra 2:16	The children of Ater of Hezekiah, ninety and eight.
Ezra 2:17	The children of Bezai, three hundred twenty and three.
Ezra 2:18	The children of Jorah, an hundred and twelve.
Ezra 2:19	The children of Hashum, two hundred twenty and three.
Ezra 2:20	The children of Gibbar, ninety and five.
Ezra 2:21	The children of Bethlehem, an hundred twenty and three.
Ezra 2:22	The men of Netophah, fifty and six.
Ezra 2:23	The men of Anathoth, an hundred twenty and eight.
