Song of Solomon 5:3	I have put off my coat; how shall I put it on? I have washed my feet; how shall I defile them?
Song of Solomon 5:4	My beloved put in his hand by the hole of the door, and my bowels were moved for him.
Song of Solomon 5:5	I rose up to open to my beloved; and my hands dropped with myrrh, and my fingers with sweet smelling myrrh, upon the handles of the lock.
Song of Solomon 5:6	I opened to my beloved; but my beloved had withdrawn himself, and was gone: my soul failed when he spake: I sought him, but I could not find him; I called him, but he gave me no answer.
Song of Solomon 5:7	The watchmen that went about the city found me, they smote me, they wounded me; the keepers of the walls took away my veil from me.
Song of Solomon 5:8	I charge you, O daughters of Jerusalem, if ye find my beloved, that ye tell him, that I am sick of love.
Song of Solomon 5:9	What is thy beloved more than another beloved, O thou fairest among women? what is thy beloved more than another beloved, that thou dost so charge us?
Song of Solomon 5:10	My beloved is white and ruddy, the chiefest among ten thousand.
Song of Solomon 5:11	His head is as the most fine gold, his locks are bushy, and black as a raven.
Song of Solomon 5:12	His eyes are as the eyes of doves by the rivers of waters, washed with milk, and fitly set.
Song of Solomon 5:13	His cheeks are as a bed of spices, as sweet flowers: his lips like lilies, dropping sweet smelling myrrh.
Song of Solomon 5:14	His hands are as gold rings set with the beryl: his belly is as bright ivory overlaid with sapphires.
Song of Solomon 5:15	His legs are as pillars of marble, set upon sockets of fine gold: his countenance is as Lebanon, excellent as the cedars.
Song of Solomon 5:16	His mouth is most sweet: yea, he is altogether lovely. This is my beloved, and this is my friend, O daughters of Jerusalem.
Song of Solomon 6:1	Whither is thy beloved gone, O thou fairest among women? whither is thy beloved turned aside? that we may seek him with thee.
Song of Solomon 6:2	My beloved is gone down into his garden, to the beds of spices, to feed in the gardens, and to gather lilies.
Song of Solomon 6:3	I am my beloved's, and my beloved is mine: he feedeth among the lilies.
Song of Solomon 6:4	Thou art beautiful, O my love, as Tirzah, comely as Jerusalem, terrible as an army with banners.
Song of Solomon 6:5	Turn away thine eyes from me, for they have overcome me: thy hair is as a flock of goats that appear from Gilead.
Song of Solomon 6:6	Thy teeth are as a flock of sheep which go up from the washing, whereof every one beareth twins, and there is not one barren among them.
Song of Solomon 6:7	As a piece of a pomegranate are thy temples within thy locks.
Song of Solomon 6:8	There are threescore queens, and fourscore concubines, and virgins without number.
Song of Solomon 6:9	My dove, my undefiled is but one; she is the only one of her mother, she is the choice one of her that bare her. The daughters saw her, and blessed her; yea, the queens and the concubines, and they praised her.
Song of Solomon 6:10	Who is she that looketh forth as the morning, fair as the moon, clear as the sun, and terrible as an army with banners?
Song of Solomon 6:11	I went down into the garden of nuts to see the fruits of the valley, and to see whether the vine flourished and the pomegranates budded.
Song of Solomon 6:12	Or ever I was aware, my soul made me like the chariots of Amminadib.
Song of Solomon 6:13	Return, return, O Shulamite; return, return, that we may look upon thee. What will ye see in the Shulamite? As it were the company of two armies.
Song of Solomon 7:1	How beautiful are thy feet with shoes, O prince's daughter! the joints of thy thighs are like jewels, the work of the hands of a cunning workman.
Song of Solomon 7:2	Thy navel is like a round goblet, which wanteth not liquor: thy belly is like an heap of wheat set about with lilies.
Song of Solomon 7:3	Thy two breasts are like two young roes that are twins.
Song of Solomon 7:4	Thy neck is as a tower of ivory; thine eyes like the fishpools in Heshbon, by the gate of Bathrabbim: thy nose is as the tower of Lebanon which looketh toward Damascus.
Song of Solomon 7:5	Thine head upon thee is like Carmel, and the hair of thine head like purple; the king is held in the galleries.
Song of Solomon 7:6	How fair and how pleasant art thou, O love, for delights!
Song of Solomon 7:7	This thy stature is like to a palm tree, and thy breasts to clusters of grapes.
Song of Solomon 7:8	I said, I will go up to the palm tree, I will take hold of the boughs thereof: now also thy breasts shall be as clusters of the vine, and the smell of thy nose like apples;
Song of Solomon 7:9	And the roof of thy mouth like the best wine for my beloved, that goeth down sweetly, causing the lips of those that are asleep to speak.
Song of Solomon 7:10	I am my beloved's, and his desire is toward me.
Song of Solomon 7:11	Come, my beloved, let us go forth into the field; let us lodge in the villages.
Song of Solomon 7:12	Let us get up early to the vineyards; let us see if the vine flourish, whether the tender grape appear, and the pomegranates bud forth: there will I give thee my loves.
Song of Solomon 7:13	The mandrakes give a smell, and at our gates are all manner of pleasant fruits, new and old, which I have laid up for thee, O my beloved.
Song of Solomon 8:1	O that thou wert as my brother, that sucked the breasts of my mother! when I should find thee without, I would kiss thee; yea, I should not be despised.
Song of Solomon 8:2	I would lead thee, and bring thee into my mother's house, who would instruct me: I would cause thee to drink of spiced wine of the juice of my pomegranate.
Song of Solomon 8:3	His left hand should be under my head, and his right hand should embrace me.
Song of Solomon 8:4	I charge you, O daughters of Jerusalem, that ye stir not up, nor awake my love, until he please.
Song of Solomon 8:5	Who is this that cometh up from the wilderness, leaning upon her beloved? I raised thee up under the apple tree: there thy mother brought thee forth: there she brought thee forth that bare thee.
Song of Solomon 8:6	Set me as a seal upon thine heart, as a seal upon thine arm: for love is strong as death; jealousy is cruel as the grave: the coals thereof are coals of fire, which hath a most vehement flame.
Song of Solomon 8:7	Many waters cannot quench love, neither can the floods drown it: if a man would give all the substance of his house for love, it would utterly be contemned.
Song of Solomon 8:8	We have a little sister, and she hath no breasts: what shall we do for our sister in the day when she shall be spoken for?
Song of Solomon 8:9	If she be a wall, we will build upon her a palace of silver: and if she be a door, we will inclose her with boards of cedar.
Song of Solomon 8:10	I am a wall, and my breasts like towers: then was I in his eyes as one that found favour.
