Proverbs 4:11	I have taught thee in the way of wisdom; I have led thee in right paths.
Proverbs 4:12	When thou goest, thy steps shall not be straitened; and when thou runnest, thou shalt not stumble.
Proverbs 4:13	Take fast hold of instruction; let her not go: keep her; for she is thy life.
Proverbs 4:14	Enter not into the path of the wicked, and go not in the way of evil men.
Proverbs 4:15	Avoid it, pass not by it, turn from it, and pass away.
Proverbs 4:16	For they sleep not, except they have done mischief; and their sleep is taken away, unless they cause some to fall.
Proverbs 4:17	For they eat the bread of wickedness, and drink the wine of violence.
Proverbs 4:18	But the path of the just is as the shining light, that shineth more and more unto the perfect day.
Proverbs 4:19	The way of the wicked is as darkness: they know not at what they stumble.
Proverbs 4:20	My son, attend to my words; incline thine ear unto my sayings.
Proverbs 4:21	Let them not depart from thine eyes; keep them in the midst of thine heart.
Proverbs 4:22	For they are life unto those that find them, and health to all their flesh.
Proverbs 4:23	Keep thy heart with all diligence; for out of it are the issues of life.
Proverbs 4:24	Put away from thee a froward mouth, and perverse lips put far from thee.
Proverbs 4:25	Let thine eyes look right on, and let thine eyelids look straight before thee.
Proverbs 4:26	Ponder the path of thy feet, and let all thy ways be established.
Proverbs 4:27	Turn not to the right hand nor to the left: remove thy foot from evil.
Proverbs 5:1	My son, attend unto my wisdom, and bow thine ear to my understanding:
Proverbs 5:2	That thou mayest regard discretion, and that thy lips may keep knowledge.
Proverbs 5:3	For the lips of a strange woman drop as an honeycomb, and her mouth is smoother than oil:
Proverbs 5:4	But her end is bitter as wormwood, sharp as a two-edged sword.
Proverbs 5:5	Her feet go down to death; her steps take hold on hell.
Proverbs 5:6	Lest thou shouldest ponder the path of life, her ways are moveable, that thou canst not know them.
Proverbs 5:7	Hear me now therefore, O ye children, and depart not from the words of my mouth.
Proverbs 5:8	Remove thy way far from her, and come not nigh the door of her house:
Proverbs 5:9	Lest thou give thine honour unto others, and thy years unto the cruel:
Proverbs 5:10	Lest strangers be filled with thy wealth; and thy labours be in the house of a stranger;
Proverbs 5:11	And thou mourn at the last, when thy flesh and thy body are consumed,
Proverbs 5:12	And say, How have I hated instruction, and my heart despised reproof;
Proverbs 5:13	And have not obeyed the voice of my teachers, nor inclined mine ear to them that instructed me!
Proverbs 5:14	I was almost in all evil in the midst of the congregation and assembly.
Proverbs 5:15	Drink waters out of thine own cistern, and running waters out of thine own well.
Proverbs 5:16	Let thy fountains be dispersed abroad, and rivers of waters in the streets.
Proverbs 5:17	Let them be only thine own, and not strangers' with thee.
Proverbs 5:18	Let thy fountain be blessed: and rejoice with the wife of thy youth.
Proverbs 5:19	Let her be as the loving hind and pleasant roe; let her breasts satisfy thee at all times; and be thou ravished always with her love.
Proverbs 5:20	And why wilt thou, my son, be ravished with a strange woman, and embrace the bosom of a stranger?
Proverbs 5:21	For the ways of man are before the eyes of the LORD, and he pondereth all his goings.
Proverbs 5:22	His own iniquities shall take the wicked himself, and he shall be holden with the cords of his sins.
Proverbs 5:23	He shall die without instruction; and in the greatness of his folly he shall go astray.
Proverbs 6:1	My son, if thou be surety for thy friend, if thou hast stricken thy hand with a stranger,
Proverbs 6:2	Thou art snared with the words of thy mouth, thou art taken with the words of thy mouth.
Proverbs 6:3	Do this now, my son, and deliver thyself, when thou art come into the hand of thy friend; go, humble thyself, and make sure thy friend.
Proverbs 6:4	Give not sleep to thine eyes, nor slumber to thine eyelids.
Proverbs 6:5	Deliver thyself as a roe from the hand of the hunter, and as a bird from the hand of the fowler.
Proverbs 6:6	Go to the ant, thou sluggard; consider her ways, and be wise:
Proverbs 6:7	Which having no guide, overseer, or ruler,
Proverbs 6:8	Provideth her meat in the summer, and gathereth her food in the harvest.
Proverbs 6:9	How long wilt thou sleep, O sluggard? when wilt thou arise out of thy sleep?
Proverbs 6:10	Yet a little sleep, a little slumber, a little folding of the hands to sleep:
