John 8:20	These words spake Jesus in the treasury, as he taught in the temple: and no man laid hands on him; for his hour was not yet come.
John 8:21	Then said Jesus again unto them, I go my way, and ye shall seek me, and shall die in your sins: whither I go, ye cannot come.
John 8:22	Then said the Jews, Will he kill himself? because he saith, Whither I go, ye cannot come.
John 8:23	And he said unto them, Ye are from beneath; I am from above: ye are of this world; I am not of this world.
John 8:24	I said therefore unto you, that ye shall die in your sins: for if ye believe not that I am he, ye shall die in your sins.
John 8:25	Then said they unto him, Who art thou? And Jesus saith unto them, Even the same that I said unto you from the beginning.
John 8:26	I have many things to say and to judge of you: but he that sent me is true; and I speak to the world those things which I have heard of him.
John 8:27	They understood not that he spake to them of the Father.
John 8:28	Then said Jesus unto them, When ye have lifted up the Son of man, then shall ye know that I am he, and that I do nothing of myself; but as my Father hath taught me, I speak these things.
John 8:29	And he that sent me is with me: the Father hath not left me alone; for I do always those things that please him.
John 8:30	As he spake these words, many believed on him.
John 8:31	Then said Jesus to those Jews which believed on him, If ye continue in my word, then are ye my disciples indeed;
John 8:32	And ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free.
John 8:33	They answered him, We be Abraham's seed, and were never in bondage to any man: how sayest thou, Ye shall be made free?
John 8:34	Jesus answered them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Whosoever committeth sin is the servant of sin.
John 8:35	And the servant abideth not in the house for ever: but the Son abideth ever.
John 8:36	If the Son therefore shall make you free, ye shall be free indeed.
John 8:37	I know that ye are Abraham's seed; but ye seek to kill me, because my word hath no place in you.
John 8:38	I speak that which I have seen with my Father: and ye do that which ye have seen with your father.
John 8:39	They answered and said unto him, Abraham is our father. Jesus saith unto them, If ye were Abraham's children, ye would do the works of Abraham.
John 8:40	But now ye seek to kill me, a man that hath told you the truth, which I have heard of God: this did not Abraham.
John 8:41	Ye do the deeds of your father. Then said they to him, We be not born of fornication; we have one Father, even God.
John 8:42	Jesus said unto them, If God were your Father, ye would love me: for I proceeded forth and came from God; neither came I of myself, but he sent me.
John 8:43	Why do ye not understand my speech? even because ye cannot hear my word.
John 8:44	Ye are of your father the devil, and the lusts of your father ye will do. He was a murderer from the beginning, and abode not in the truth, because there is no truth in him. When he speaketh a lie, he speaketh of his own: for he is a liar, and the father of it.
John 8:45	And because I tell you the truth, ye believe me not.
John 8:46	Which of you convinceth me of sin? And if I say the truth, why do ye not believe me?
John 8:47	He that is of God heareth God's words: ye therefore hear them not, because ye are not of God.
John 8:48	Then answered the Jews, and said unto him, Say we not well that thou art a Samaritan, and hast a devil?
John 8:49	Jesus answered, I have not a devil; but I honour my Father, and ye do dishonour me.
John 8:50	And I seek not mine own glory: there is one that seeketh and judgeth.
John 8:51	Verily, verily, I say unto you, If a man keep my saying, he shall never see death.
John 8:52	Then said the Jews unto him, Now we know that thou hast a devil. Abraham is dead, and the prophets; and thou sayest, If a man keep my saying, he shall never taste of death.
John 8:53	Art thou greater than our father Abraham, which is dead? and the prophets are dead: whom makest thou thyself?
John 8:54	Jesus answered, If I honour myself, my honour is nothing: it is my Father that honoureth me; of whom ye say, that he is your God:
John 8:55	Yet ye have not known him; but I know him: and if I should say, I know him not, I shall be a liar like unto you: but I know him, and keep his saying.
John 8:56	Your father Abraham rejoiced to see my day: and he saw it, and was glad.
John 8:57	Then said the Jews unto him, Thou art not yet fifty years old, and hast thou seen Abraham?
John 8:58	Jesus said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Before Abraham was, I am.
John 8:59	Then took they up stones to cast at him: but Jesus hid himself, and went out of the temple, going through the midst of them, and so passed by.
John 9:1	And as Jesus passed by, he saw a man which was blind from his birth.
John 9:2	And his disciples asked him, saying, Master, who did sin, this man, or his parents, that he was born blind?
John 9:3	Jesus answered, Neither hath this man sinned, nor his parents: but that the works of God should be made manifest in him.
John 9:4	I must work the works of him that sent me, while it is day: the night cometh, when no man can work.
John 9:5	As long as I am in the world, I am the light of the world.
John 9:6	When he had thus spoken, he spat on the ground, and made clay of the spittle, and he anointed the eyes of the blind man with the clay,
John 9:7	And said unto him, Go, wash in the pool of Siloam, (which is by interpretation, Sent.) He went his way therefore, and washed, and came seeing.
John 9:8	The neighbours therefore, and they which before had seen him that he was blind, said, Is not this he that sat and begged?
John 9:9	Some said, This is he: others said, He is like him: but he said, I am he.
John 9:10	Therefore said they unto him, How were thine eyes opened?
