Gordius, as hee was led to the place of pu∣nishment,
Page  [unnumbered]
was exhorted by some to leaue 〈◊〉 opinion, and to saue his life, to whom he aun•swered, that the tongue ought to vtter nothin• that is iniurious to the Creator thereof. P. Dia∣corius.

Socrates had alvvayes one and the same countenance all his life time, hee was neuer sadder, nor pleasanter for any thing that hap∣pened vnto him. Plato.

P. Rutilius being vniustly banished, neuer changed his behauiour, neyther would put on any other Gowne, then that he vsed to weare, although it was the custome of such as were banished to alter the same.

Q. Metellus sirnamed Numidicus, for con∣quering Numidia, being banished, went into Asia, where he frequented playes, and recea∣uing letters frō the Senate to call him home againe, the newes hee bare with as great mo∣desty as his exile with constancy, not depar∣ting from the Theater before the sports were ended.

One casting Diogenes in the teeth with his banishment from Pontus by the Synopians, answered; I haue bounded them with the Coun∣try of Pontus.

Aristides whē Dionisius desired his daugh∣ter in marriage, hee aunswered, that hee had
Page  65
rather see her deade, then the wife of a Tyrant. And hauing slaine her, he was againe asked if he continued in that mind; I am (quoth he) sorry for the fact, but glad that I haue so spo∣ken.

Cato, notwithstanding the affliction of hys Country, in him was neuer seene any altera∣tion, but had alvvayes one cheere, and one countenaunce, as well beeing repulsed, as when he was Pretor. Plutarch.

It is recorded of Saint Anthony and Saint Hillary, that they suffered wonderful temp∣tations in the desert, & yet did not forbeare euen there, to doe great seruice to theyr Creator.

Aulus Vitellius▪ a most victorious Empe∣rour, of all others vvas so inconstant, that he would say and vnsay with one breath, and vvas as vvauering in all his actions, as a vve∣thercocke.

Sextus Pompeius, for his vvonderful mu∣tabilitie vvas much defamed.

The Common-wealth of the Sicyonians, endured longer then that of the Greekes, E∣gyptians, Lacedemonians, or the Romains, and the reason thereof vvas, because that in seauen hundred and forty yeeres, they neuer made any new lawes, or brake their old. Lact.

Page  [unnumbered]
The Egyptians rather choose to dye the• to reueale any secrets, though they be neuer so much racked and tormented. Macrob.

Aesope the bondman of Demosthenes, wa• often vrged by torture to confesse his Mai∣sters dealing with Iulian, but could neuer be brought to acknovvledge any thing, vntill at the length, Demosthenes himselfe disclo∣sed it. Fulgosius.

Anasillus, Captaine of the Athenians, vvas taken of the Lacedemonians and put to the torture, because hee shoulde tell vvhat hee knew, and vvhat the King Agesilaus his ma∣ster did intend; to vvhom hee aunswered; You Lacedemonians, haue liberty to dismember mee, but I haue none to reueale my Lordes se∣crets. Plutarch.

Octauius Consull of Rome vvhen Marius was banished, at his repeale was vvarned by the Augurs to take heede of him and Cinna, but he, constantly determining not to leaue the citty while he was Consull, went to them in his roabes, with the Roddes and the Axes carried before him, and his friendes bringing him a horse to flee, he refused so to doe, but abode the stroake of Censorinus, who carri∣ed his head to Cinna. Appian.

Labienus, who in Syllas tyme had kylled
Page  66
many that were proscribed, thinking that himselfe might well be reproued if he should not suffer death resolutely, went home to his house, sate downe in his chayre, and tarried the comming of those whom Anthonie sent to take away his lyfe. Appian.

Of Friendship. The Romaines perceiuing the necessitie of Friendship, shadowed the same in the shape of a young man, whose heade vvas bared, and vp∣on his breast was written Sommer and VVin∣ter; who hauing his breast open, & putting his finger to his hart, had therein sette, Farre and neere, & on the skirts of his coate were drawn, Life and death.

ARtorius a Romane, at the siege of Ieru∣salem beeing in a place that was sette on fire, looking from the top of the house, sawe one of his friends by Titus, to whom he said, Friend Lucius, get on thy armour and come neere, that I may leap downe vpon thee, and thou maist receiue me. Lucius stood for his friende, who light vpon him with such force that they both died, which friendship, Titus caused to be noted to after ages. Vrbanus.

Page  [unnumbered]
Alcibiades beeing desirous to know vvhe∣ther he had so many friendes as hee thought, hee called them all one after another into a darke place, & shewed vnto them the image of a dead body, saying that it was a man whō he had killed, and requesting them to helpe him to carry the same away, amongst them all hee found none but Callias that vvoulde harken vnto him.

Cyrus alvvayes placed his friendes on hys left side, as neere his hart. Xenophon.

The friendship of Ionathan and Dauid, could not bee hindered by the vvrath of the Father of the one, nor any io•e changed, al∣though he knew that his friend should after∣ward raigne ouer him, notwithstanding hee were by inheritance to succeede next his fa∣ther in the kingdome.

