
Thales, was the first Philosopher. Lactan∣tius.

Pope Sergius, the second, was the first that changed his name, who before was called Swines mouth.

Otho, the first, made the first oath to the Bishop of Rome.

In the time of Henry the black, Emperour of Germany, when Clement the second was Pope, the dignity of Cardinals first beg•n. Anno Domini one thousand & fifty.

Page  [unnumbered]
Pope Hildebrand, did first forbid the Ger∣maine Priests to marry.

In the yeare of Christ, one thousand, one hundred, and forty, when the studies of the Law flourished euery where, and the best learned embraced thē (as it happeneth most commonly in a new thing) the Monks per∣ceauing that holy Scripture began to be de∣spised for studying therein, they also began a study of Theology, and ordayned Schoole disputations in deuine matters, as the Law∣yers did in ciuill, and this was the originall of Diuinity Schooles.

Frederick the second, Emperor of Germa∣ny, was the first, that wanting siluer, caused to make coyne of leather, that hee might haue where-with to pay his men of vvarre, but when he had gotten siluer, he payd them lawfull mony, and that liberally.

Of Prophecies, Visions, &c. Sundry Philosophers by speculatiue Astrology, haue foretold many things, that should fall out, following the rules and signes which haue beene accustomed to proceed, and when experience an∣swereth to the cause; otherwise they are not able to foretell ought without lying, & ayding them
Page  157
selues with Art, long experience, & reuelation of the deuill, to whom they haue wholy abandoned themselues.

ROmulus, set his Image in the Pallace at Rome, & sayd, it should not fall, vntill a mayde bare a child. Chrysost.

The same day that Iulius Caesar died, in the Ile of the land of Capua, was found by Quer∣rions of the Country, a rich tomb of stone, in it a litle tablet of gold, with these words in∣grauen, VVhen euer it shall fall this tombe to bee opened, the same day the conquerour of the world shall be murdered in the Capitoll. Vincen.

An hundred dayes before Caesar was slaine, the first letter of his name by figure an hun∣dred, was by fire from heauen strooken a∣way, his statue standing in the market place, and vpon the top written Caesar. Vincentius.

Sybilla prophecied, that the Pope should be ouercome with linnen rags.

The hundred Senators of Rome one night dreamed all one dreame.

Virgill made a head to speake, of which he demaunded what he should doe in a certaine purpose, the head aunswered, If hee kept well his head, hee should come againe all whole, but that day the sunne shined hotly, and smote him
Page  [unnumbered]
on the head, and chased his brayne, whereof be•• dyed.

There appeared three Sunnes in the firma∣ment, toward the East part of the world, the which by little and little were brought into one body; a great signe it was that Asia, Af∣frica, Europe, should be brought to one mo∣narchy.

Tanaquill, the wife of Tarquinius Priscus, when she saw the flames playing about Ser∣uius Tullius head, she affirmed thereby that he should be King in Rome; this diuination is called Pyromancie. Liuius.

The raine of stones in Picen, at the second warres of Carthage, did foreshew the slaugh∣ter and murder that Hanniball should doe in Italy. Idem.

Abraham, a Iew, prophecied, that in the yeare of our Lord 1464. the Iewish religion should get the vpper hand, the which was neuer more oppressed then at that time.

The Iewes were so adicted to obserue these augurations, that they would not goe vnto warre at any time, without some coniectures had by birds or beasts. Iosephus.

Simonides, in pitty buried a dead corps, which no man would doe (as he was to passe ouer the Seas) the night before hee should
Page  158
••ile, in the morning the same man which Si∣monides had buried, appeared vnto him, warning him that day not to goe to Sea, be∣ing ready to goe, he remembred his dreame, and told his fellowes thereof, but they regar∣ded him not, & left him behind them, where in sight of Simonides, they and theyr shippe was lost. Patritius.

Mydas, King of Phrygia, being troubled and vexed with certaine dreames, grew to be desperate, and dyed voluntarily, by drinking the blood of a Bull.

