Page  [unnumbered]
Caesar, when he could not condemne one for any sufficient & probable crime, he made him away by some secret meanes, and some were dispatched in his armies by treachery & attempts, wrought against them by those of theyr owne side: this deceite was cruell. Diodorus.

The Achaians, a people of Greece, did al∣together condemne pollicies & stratagems in warre, accounting of them as of subtilties, because they thought that no victory was ei∣ther of any renowne or certainty, except they had in open fight ouercome their ene∣mies, by an assigned battaile. Polybius.

Marius, a rich Cittizen of Rome, who by Augustus got all his wealth, alwayes sayde, that he would make him his onely heyre, which hee vowed to the Emperour the day before he dyed, after whose death was found, that in all his wil he had not made once men∣tion of Augustus.

Of Slaunder. A wise man keepeth close his eares, when hee doubteth of the vertue and honesty of the person accused, making Reason their diligent Porter and watch, which examineth and letteth in the
Page  126
reports that be good, and excludeth those that a∣rise from slaunder and detraction, whose Image was excellently described in figures by Apelles.

EVstace Bishop of Antioche, a religious and deuout man, seeking to suppresse the heresie of the Arrians, was by their false ac∣cusation and slaunders depriued from his Sea. Eusebius.

Aristophanes slaundered Socrates (a man so much beloued of the Gods) in a Comedy, called, Nebulae, the clouds.

Leontius, after hee had put Iustinian to flight, caused two of his tale-bearers to be trailed by the feete & burned.

Darius, made the accusers of Daniell to be deuoured of Lyons.

Aristobulus, through a false report, put to death his owne brother, and afterwards dyed for griefe.

Plato banished accusers, slanderers, & tale-bearers, out of his common-wealth.

Scipio Africanus, being accused of many things, by the Tribunes of the people, aun∣swered nothing to the crymes layd agaynst him, but only said thus; In such a day as this is sirs, I ouer-came both Carthage and Haniball, which the Senators and people hearieg, were
Page  [unnumbered]
so far from condemning him, that they cau∣sed him in a maner to triumph againe.

Emilius Scaurus, being accused by Varius, made this aunswere, O yee Romaines, Varius affirmeth this crime layd against me to be true, and Scaurus denieth, whom will yee rather be∣leeue?

Medius, Captaine of all the flatterers that followed, Alexander taught them that they should not spare to nip boldly, and to byte with store of slaunders, for quoth hee, al∣though hee that is bitten should be cured of the wound, yet the scarre at the least will still re∣maine.

By false accusations and slaunders, Cali∣sthenes, Parmenio, and Philotas, were vn∣iustly put to death by Alexander.

Phillip was told, that the Grecians spake ill of him behind his backe, notwithstanding he did them much good, & therfore was coun∣sailed to chastice them; VVhat would they doe then, sayd hee, if we should doe them any harme; but they make mee a better man, for I striue daily both in my words and deeds to proue them lyers.

He was likewise counsailed to banish one who had slaundered him, or put to death, but he would doe none of both, saying, It was not
Page  127
sufficient cause to condemne him, and it was bet∣ter not to let him stirre out of Macedonia, where all men knew that he lyed; but going among strangers not knowing him, they would admit his slaunder for truth.

Nicholas Scot was beheaded, for rayling vppon Maximilian Sforza, Duke of Mil∣lane.

Augustus pardoned Cinna, that wold haue murdered him, and made him Consull, but Timagenes for that he railed vpon him, hee drane him out of his house, deeming that of an enemy he might make a friend, but of a rayler a back-biter and slaunderer, a man can make nothing else.

The Frenchmē called back-biters Mouches, flies, The Romaines called thē Delatores tale-bearers, the Greekes Acoustes, harkners, or spyes.

Dionysius held tale-bearers in great esti∣mation, but at the alteration of the state, the Syracusans put them all to the sword.

Anthony put those tale-bearers to death, vvhich could not prooue theyr accusati∣on.

Critias reproued Archilochus, because hee spake not well of him selfe.
