Of Phaleris the tyrant is written, that neuer man did him seruice that he did not gratifie, either write him a letter that he did not aun∣swere.

Herod by humbling himselfe before Augu∣stus, saued & encreased his kingdome.

Pyrrhus could very well skill to humble
Page  45
•imselfe towards great men, and this helped •ery much to the conquest of his kingdom. Plutarch.

Pyrrhus, after many victories, vvhen his men of warre called him Eagle, I am, quoth 〈◊〉, an Eagle by your meanes, being borne vp by •our knighthoode and chiualry, as the Eagle is •ast vp by his feathers, giuing the honour and •itle to his Souldier•. Valerius.

Xerxes dismissed certayne spyes vvhich •ame from Athence, and pardoning them, shewed them notwithstanding his Army and forces.

Augustus, when he entered Rome in a try∣umph, one in a certaine Comedy, said, O good Lord, and euery man turned that word to Augustus, flattering, & clapping their hands for ioy, but he gaue a token, that he liked it not, and made prohibitions, that men should not vse the name of Lord vnto him.

Caligula denied all mens requests. Sueto∣nius.

After that Pericles had the managing of the publique affaires, he was neuer seene abroad in the streets, nor at any feasts.

The Macedonians forsook Demetrius, be∣cause he was vneasie to be dealt with, & very hard to be spoken vnto.

Page  [unnumbered]
Dion was blamed of Plato for his ineffabili∣ty, and of all the Sicilians.

Lucullus Souldiers would not follow him, because he was so vngentle to them.

Nicias for his ouer great sternnes was enui∣ed, although he was otherwise vertuous; so likewise was Coriolanus. Liuius.

Of Liberality & Hospitality. Liberality giueth with iudgement, and is the meane betweene prodigality and auarice; ho∣spitality is foure fold, glorious, onely to be well thought of, couetous, entertainment for ones mo∣ney, curteous, that receiueth our friends, and re∣ligious, which cherisheth those that serue God.

ALexander sent to Phocion, Captaine of the Athenians, an hundred talents of sil∣uer for a gift, and the names of foure famous Citties, to choose and take which he would. Curtius.

The people of Leueani had a law, that if a∣ny stranger entered into their soile before sun setting, and was not receaued into one mans house or other, being desirous to be lodged, they payd an appointed penalty for their in∣humanity; this law vvas profitable to the
Page  46
•ayfairing man, and allowable to Iupiter, the •uer of hospitality.

The Persian Kings gaue to their Embassa∣•ors, to euery one a Babilonian talent, which •lxx. pounds of Athenian coyne, besides Bracelets, Iewels, a chaine, and a Persian word, which they called Acinax. Curtius.

All these were valued at a thousand Persian •eeces of siluer, besides all this, they gaue a Median royall robe, which was called Doro∣•horica.

Ptolomaeus, the sonne of Lagus, had a sin∣guler delight and pleasure, in making his friends rich, saying, Better it is to enrich other, •hen a man to enrich himselfe.

The Apolloniatae expell (according to the Lacedemonian law) strangers out of theyr Country; contrary to the people of Epi∣damnus who prohibite none.

Alexander preferred Abdolominus a man of no parentage, & base condition to a king∣dome, because that his benefit should rather seeme to haue been bestowed freely, then de∣serued by nobility, and that his own greatnes •ight the more therin be seene. Iustinus.

Plutus the God of riches, which at Sparta was kept blind, vvith Herod the Sophist, was sayd to haue receaued his sight, because
Page  [unnumbered]
being very rich, he was very bountifull, and knew how to vse his wealth to the vse of the pore, which caused many to loue and follow him. Caerius.

Lucius Lucullus house was common of re∣ceate for all the poore Greekes, that trauai∣led from Athence, Sparta, and Thebes, yea, from all Greece to Rome.
