
The Hare, the Pellican, and the Swan, liue •olitarily, & the last is merry at her death, in •ope to see shortly her beloued Apollo. Plato

Hiero, the tyrant of Syracusa, gaue ouer his •ingdom, & liued a solitary life.

Craesus, after the death of his son Adrastus, ••ued in contemplation. Herod.

Ierome, Petrus Diamanus, Caelestinus, •orsaking the world, betooke them to solita∣••nes of life.

Page  [unnumbered]
〈1 page duplicate〉
Page  233
〈1 page duplicate〉
Page  [unnumbered]
Timon of Athence, was so giuen to solitar••nes and melancholly, that he hated the 〈◊〉 of all men, and therefore was called M••santhropos, he vsed and employed all his 〈◊〉 to perswade his Countrimen to shorten the lifes, hauing set vp Iibbets in a field, which h• bought, for them that were disposed to han• themselues. Plut.

Anthony, dispairing of his fortunes, builde him an house in the Sea, at the Lanteme and ramped it about, seperating himself from the company of men, protesting to fol∣low Timon, calling his house Timonion, or Ti∣mons Tabernacle. Appian.

Tresilaus, ouercome with a melancholly passion, perswaded himselfe to be the righ• honour of all the great Nauy that ariued a• the port Pyreus; of which humour, when he by Phisitions was throughly purged, hee cursed them, saying, That they had robbed 〈◊〉 of his pleasure and wealth.

The Emperour Lotharius pricked in con∣science for his euill committed agaynst 〈◊〉 Father Lodouicus Pius, resigned his Em∣pire, and spent the remainder of his life int• monastry.

Appian, wryteth of a solitary way by the people Sapaei, which for the solitarines, the
Page  234
very birds could not discouer, by which Bru∣•us being distressed and afrayde, was guided by Roscopolis, who perswaded him to goe that way. Appianus.

Of Agriculture. Agriculture, or husbandry, tooke beginning 〈◊〉 our forefather Adams fall, and since in euery succeeding Age hath beene highlie esteemed, whose companion is Labour, the true handmayd of vertue. The vpholders of this Art (as the Po∣ets write) were the last that waxed wicked, and Iustice forsaking the earth, left her last foot-steps amongst husbandmen.

THis was so honored in old time, that euen the Romaine Emperours and mightie Kings and Potentates, haue not beene asha∣med to exercise it.

Dioclesian, left his Empire at Salona, and Attalus likewise to labour in this Art.

Cyrus, set, planted, and grafted trees with his owne hands, checker wise. So did Sene∣ca Planetrees.

From the honour of the earth and hus∣bandry, the noble sirnames of Fabij, Lentuli, Cicerones, Pisones, haue beene denomi∣nate.
Page  [unnumbered]
Cor. Ag.

From the breeding and feeding of Cattell the Iunij, Bubuli, Tauri, Statilij, Pomponij, Vi∣tuli, Vitellij, Porcij, Catones, Annij, tooke their better names.

Romulus, and Remus, Romes first foun∣ders, were sheepeheards, Apollo, Mercury, Pan, Abell, Abraham, Iacob, Moyses, Dauid, were sheepheards.

The Gardens of Adonis, Alcinous, Tanta∣lus, & Hesperides, were subiects for the finest Poets.

Semyramis, had goodly flowers hanging in the ayre, and Massinissa strange, and fa∣mous garnished Gardens, to the wonder of Affricke.

Tarquinius, in the time of that first olde Rome, walked pleasantly in his Garden, and cropping the tops of Poppy. Liuius.

Lucullus, after his victories obtayned in Asia, tooke his recreation in Gardens.

