Lyra, or the Harpe of Orpheus, by vvho•• melodious touch hee drevve stones, byrds and beasts after him; after his death vva• fained to be a signe in Heauen.

Cignus the Swanne, vnder whose shape Iu∣piter
Page  8
rauished Laeda, was by him made a star.

Cassiopeia, sometimes the pride of Egypt, for brauing the Sea Nymphs Nereides with her beauty, was changed into a starre, vvho in the motion of the heauens is drawn back∣wards.

Perseus is next her, the sonne of Danae, whō Iupiter begot of her in the shape of a golden shower, he ouercame Medusa by the help of Minerua, and rescued Andromeda, but at hys returne, his grandsire Acriseius meeting him, vvas by Medusas heade turned to a stone, which Perseus much lamenting, was by the Gods taken vp into heauen.

Auriga or the VVagoner, the Poets fayne to be Hippolitus, who stying his mother Phae∣dras lust, was for his chastitie by the Gods made a starre.

By him stands the great Iupiters Nurse, by w•om hee vvas fostered, vvhen hee vvas conueied by his mother Ops, from Saturne, who would haue deuoured him.

Serpentarius the Serpent holder, hauing the picture of a man, is composed of tvventi• foure starres, holding a Serpent in his hand• and as it vvere striuing there-vvith, hee is fayned to bee Esculapius the sonne of Apollo, vvho vvhen Hippolitus vvas dead, restored
Page  [unnumbered]
him againe to life, and after was called Vi••bius. Ouid.

The Serpent Phoebus placed by his sonne for that by his meanes hee restored •lau•• king Minos sonne from death to life.

Sagitta the dart, is that strong steeled arro• with the which Hercules killed the Griffi•• that tyred vpon Prometheus hart, when he• was chained to the top of Caucasus, for ste••ling fire from heauen.

Aquila the Eagle, or the bird of Ioue, wh•• stole the fayre Phrygian Ganimede, an• brought him to Iupiter, who serued him wit• N•••ar and Ambrosia.

The Dolphin is that Fish vvhich when ••rion was cast into the sea, first receiue him kindly vppon his backe, and afterwar• sette him sa•e on shoare in Italie, in recom•pence vvhereof, the Gods placed him in th• firmament.

Equiculus, the little horse of Bacchus,〈◊〉 vvhom he vsed to ryde vvhen his idle brain• vvas ouerburdened vvith too much vvin• a•ter vvhose death, his maister desired the Gods that he might in requitall of his seruic• be made a starre.

Pegasus, the flying horse, ingendred by the sun, of Medusas blood, could be managed by
Page  9
〈◊〉, vntill Bellerophon vndertooke him, who ••ding vp into the skies, fell downe from him 〈◊〉 to the Seas, but the horse kept his way still 〈◊〉 heauen, where he resteth.

Andromeda the wife of Perseus, (at whose ••rth the Gods promised her immortality,) ••ter her death had her place amongst the ••arres.

The Triangle signifieth the three squared forme of the thrice happy land of Cicilia, the Countrey of Ceres, which shee desired the Gods to be placed in heauen, for the loue she ••re to the Land.

All these stars aboue mentioned, haue their residence in the Arcticke clymes, keeping their continuall motion with the Spheares.

Aries is the golden Ramme, that carryed Phryxus and his sister ouer Hellespont from their cruell mother.

Taurus the Bull that Iupiter transformed him into, when he stole Europa the daugh∣ter of Agenor.

VVithin his forme are the seauen starres: once Atlas daughters called Atlantides, of ••e which Electra the fayrest, the same night that Troy was burned, puld in her head, and would not see the flames, since vvhich ••me, there be but sixe of them seene, vvho
Page  [unnumbered]
are also named, Hyades, and Plyades.

Gemini, Castor, and Pollux, were begot 〈◊〉Iupiter one Leda, when he transformed him•selfe into a Swan.

Cancer the Crab, when Hercules was figh•ting with Hydra, bit him by the heele, who• he espying killed, but Iuno for that she se•• her, made her a signe in heauen.

