Sui•as.
Soli••s.
Suetonius
Seneca.
Stobaeus
Statius
Salustius
Strabo.
Sparthianus
T.
Theophrast.
Thucidides
Trebell. Pol.
Tertullianus
V.
Vigetius
Varro.
Vitruuius
Virgillius.
Vincentius
Vopiscus.
Volateranus.
Val. Max.
Vrbanus.
X.
Xenophon
Z.
Zosimus.
Zonarus.
Page  [unnumbered]
THE THEATER OF the little World.

Of God. GOD is called in the holy Scriptures by these names; Elohim, Elohah, El, Eli, Elion, Iehouah, Iah, Adonai, Shaddai, Zebaoth, which signifie his name, essence, power, & omnipotencie.

GOD is called Iehouah, not only because he is, hath been, and shall bee, but for that in him we liue, moue, and haue our beeing. August.

Iesus in the Greeke tongue is called Sother, in Latine Sanator or Saluator, & euery name of these signifieth in our lan∣guage a Sauiour, likewise Emanuell, which is to say, God with vs; Alpha & Omega, the beginning and the ending.

Iesus is the proper name of Christ, and Christ his sirname, Iesus the name of his god-head
Page  [unnumbered]
and diuinitie, Christ the name of his office and dignitie, from which we are denomina∣ted Christians, how vainely then doe the Ie∣suites call themselues from his proper name?

God hath created man 4. seuerall wayes; the first, without man and woman, as Adam out of the earth; the second, of man with∣out woman, as Euah of Adams rib, the third, of man and woman, as we are now borne, the fourth and last, of a virgin without man, as Christ of the virgine Mary. Bernard.

GOD within the Arke, made quiet the Lyon with the Leopard, the VVolfe with the Lambe, the Beare with the Cowe, the Tygar with the Crocodile, the Horse with the Mare, the Dog with the Catte, the Foxe with Hennes, the Hounds with Hares, and so of all other beasts. Aurelius.

Socrates, the schoolemaister of Plato, con∣fessed one onely God, and was condemned to drinke poyson, for teaching that the hea∣then Gods which they worshipped in hys time, were but vanity. Aul. Gel.

VVhen Plato wrote of any serious matter, he began his Letters in the name of one on∣ly God, and when otherwise, in the name of many gods. Ep. ad Dyonis.

