with eight thoussnd prisoners, saying, that be stroue not with him but for honour and Em∣pire; which Demetrius shortly after ouer∣comming him, requited in the like sort.

Drusius, the Almaine, vsed to visite the graues and toombs of the most renowned which were buried in Italy, especially at hi• going to warfare, saying, That beholding their monuments, hee did recouer both strength and stoutnes. Dion.

There came frō Thebes a Knight to Rome, for no other purpose, but to see where it were true or no that was reported of the notable things there: vvhom Mecaenas asked what hee thought of Rome and the Romaines, who answered, The memory of the absent doth more content mee, then the glory of the present. Cic. Plinius.

Caesar gaue 52. battailes at his pleasure. Cyrus ouercame both Asieas, Pirrhus, came downe into Italy. Atyla King of the Huns, defied all Europe.

M. Marcellus, who was the first that saw the backe of Haniball in the field, was asked, how hee durst enter into battaile with him, who aunswered, I am a Romaine borne, and a Souldiour, and by him shall I make my renowne euerlasting. Sextus Cheronensis.

Page  224
Iulius Caesar, being counsailed to waite vp∣pon the Consull Sylla, to the end that by ser∣uing him he might doe himselfe some good, aunswered, I sweare by the immortall Gods, I will neuer serue any to be of more woorth and greater then I am. Suetonius.

Of Feare. This perturbation hath his deriuation from •he mouing of the minde, and Metus (as Varro sayth) is quasi motus animi, a mouing of the mind, for it seemeth that the mind is fled, and the body much terrified, when some euill happeneth towards vs.

THE Siracusan Dionisius, had more feare of the diuine Plato, which was in Grecia, then of all his enemies he had neere him in Sicilia.

Herodes Ascolonita, did more feare Iohn Baptist, then all the kingdome of Iudea.

Dionysius the tyrant, was troubled vvith such torment of feare, that being afrayde of the Barbours razors, he vsed to sindge his beard with burning coales. Cicero.

Alexander Pheraeus, although he dearely loued his wife Thebe, yet comming to her
Page  [unnumbered]
from banquetting into the chamber, he com•maunded one to goe before with a dravvn• sword, and sent his Gard to ransacke the wo•mens Cofers, and see that no weapons 〈◊〉 hidden in their garments. Cicero.

VVhen Pompey and Caesar became ene•mies, and so to ciuill warres, the Kings a•• people of the Occidentall part came to Iu•••us Caesar, and the mighty and most puissan• of the Orientall, came in the ayde of grea• Pompeius, because these Princes were lo∣ued of few, and feared, & serued of all. Eutro▪

Mauritius, dreaming that he should be kil∣led of Phocas, asked Philippicus what hee was, who aunswered, an ambitious Centuri∣on, but fearefull, then Mauritius replyed, If he be fearefull, then is he a murderer. Orosius.

Numa refused the gard of 300. Archers, which Romulus had. Liuius.

The Crocodiles of Aegipt, if they be pursu∣ed flye, if feared, pursue them that flye. He∣rodotus.

Q. Fabius Max. caused the handes of all those which had fled from the Romaine stan∣dard, to be cut off, as a terrour to all faynt & cowardly Souldiers. Val.

Amongst the Spartans, it was death to loose or cast away a shield in warre. Epaminondas
Page  225
•ad written vpon his shielde, Aut hunc, aut ••per hunc.

C. Valienus, cutte off the fingers of hys left •and, because hee vvoulde not followe the •varres in Italy; but the Senate confiscated his goods, and condemned him to perpetu∣•ll bonds.

The Egiptians called Ochus an Asse in their mother tongue, comparing his cowardnes and blockishnesse, to the vveakenesse and vnskilfulnesse of that vnreasonable beast, in hi• discōmendation and reproch; wherfore he violētly snatching away their god, which vvas an Oxe, went and offered the same to an Asse.

The most fearefull of all men, are the Ga∣ramants, for they are afraide of euery thing, and can abide the sight of none, though they be armed, yet they doe not vse theyr vvea∣pons, for they are afraide to hurt, and when they are hurt, they will not for very cowar∣dize reuenge. Herodatus.

Cicero being called by Clodius into iudge∣ment, (because of his owne authoritie, with∣out permission of the Senate, hee had com∣maunded Lentulus and Cethegus to be pu∣nished) hee vvas of such an abated courage, as hauing changed his garment, vveeping,
Page  [unnumbered]
as he vvas going, fell at the feet of euery one vvhich he met.

Demosthenes, nothing inferiour to Cice∣ro in eloquence (if by studie not extempory hee would haue spoken) vvhen hee should haue defended himselfe before the Atheni∣ans, he so forsooke himselfe, as he had rather goe into perpetuall banishment, then by talk openly to beseech fauour or forgiuenesse at the hands of the Athenians.
