
The Cretans for lying, became odious to all the world.

Achilles did more abhor lying then death. Homer.

Paulus Iouius, beeing demaunded in his Chronicle, why hee fained many things as false, and dissembled the true, which there∣by might breed his History to be suspected, aunswered, that hee did it to please those from whom he receaued pensions.

Vlisses speach alwayes proceeded from his hart. Homer.

Pope Innocent the third, made faire wea∣ther with Otho the fourth, and Fredericke the second contending for the Empyre, and neuerthelesse made a very solemne and elo∣quent oration, of the agreement and vnity, which ought to be amongst Christian Prin∣ces;
Page  122
but a Cittizen of Rome aunswered him, Holy Father, your wordes seeme to bee of God, but your deedes thereto contrary surely proceede from the deuill. Guychardine.

Pyrrhus was enemie to the Romaines, yet neuerthelesse did he giue this praise vnto Fa∣britius, that a man might as soone turne him from the truth and honesty, as the sunne out of his course. Plut.

In Lacedemon, there vvas one that vvas knowne to bee a notorious lyer, who not∣withstanding he gaue profitable aduise, and necessary for the time, yet it was cleane re∣iected of the people. Plut.

Antiochus in hunting lost his way, & was constrained to retire to a poore mans house of the Country, who not knowing him, told him al the faults he & his fauorites had com∣mitted, to whō at his returne, he sayd, that he neuer vnderstoode the truth till that night, and euer after carried him selfe most vertu∣ously.

Marcus Aurelius was called Verissimus, for in him was neuer found lyes, nor truth euer fayled.

Pharamond King of Fraunce, was called VVarmond, which signifieth truth.

The Lacedemonians condemned one that
Page  [unnumbered]
did open penance, wearing hairecloath vpon his skin, for that thereby they discouered his hipocrisie, in as much as it was wouen with purpure.

Dionysius the Tyrant, being retired to A∣thence, after hee was depriued of his king∣dome, bewailed the estate of Princes, but e∣specially in that men neuer spoke freely vn∣to them, and the truth was euer hidden and concealed from them. Plato.

Demosthenes called Phocion, the hatchet of his words, because he spake truth & to the matter.

The dissimulation of Metellus and Scipio, was so great, that Metellus fained that Rome was happy that Scipio was borne therin, and yet was his mortall enemy all the dayes of his lyfe.

Fredericke a Romaine emperour, at what time the Senators were entring the Senate, would say to them before you enter, Cast a∣way two things, simulations, and dissimulations.

Alexander, would consent to nothing but truth, and Phillip his Father to all kinde of falshood.

By craft Haniball vanquished the Taren∣tines, & by craft the Romaines recouered it againe.

Page  123
Clodius, to bring his purpose to passe with Pompeia Caesars wife, dissembled himselfe to be a woman. Cicero.

Salmoneus, by lightening of a Torch, did counterfet the thundering sownds & light∣ning stormes of heauen. Virgil.

Phryne the harlot, to knowe which was Praxiteles the Paynters best picture, bad his man bring him word that his shop was on fire, I am vndone, sayd he, if my pictures of the Satyre and Cupid be burned. Pausanias.

Darius became King of Persia, by neighing of a Mare, hauing the day before brought to that place a Stallion, for it was agreed among the Persians, that whose Mare first neighed, he should be King. Herodotus.

Pelagia of Antioche, dissembled her selfe to be a man, because she would liue chast.

