Pelopidas, generall of the Thebans, is more •raised for his notable vertue hee shevved, •hen he was prysoner in the hands of Alex∣•nder the tyrannous K. of the Phereans, thē •or all his vertues gotten before. Thucid.

The Emperour Rodolphus, othervvise of •afe parentage, by his vertues mounted to 〈◊〉 Monarchie.

Maximilian the Emperour, aunswered one •hat desired his Letters patents to ennoble •im, I am able to make thee rich, but vertue on∣•• must make thee noble.

Alexander Seuerus neuer kept in his court 〈◊〉 ill disposed persons, or suffered any ••ough neuer so neere to him in blood, once •ound faulty, to escape vnpunished. Lactan.

Marius esteemed it a great poynt of vertue •nd high courage, to bee skilful in cosenage. Plutarch.

Two of the most famous Citties in the •orld were in two extremeties, Rome the •ead of vice, and Alexandria the end of all •ertues. Aurelius.

Page  [unnumbered]
Of Iustice. Betweene the two zodiacall signes, Leo and Libra, is a virgin called Astraea or Iustice, the which in times past dwelled vpon the earth, an• beeing abused and neglected of mortall men, 〈◊〉 tooke ber flight to heauen.

THe Egyptians who vvere the auncien• Lawmakers, in theyr Citties caused Iu•∣ges to be paynted without handes, and the President or chiefe Iustice, with hys eye• blindfolded, thereby signifying, that Iustic• ought neither to be briber, nor respecter o• persons. Pausanius.

Beza faineth Iustice and Mercie to bee two Sisters standing by the throne of God.

VVhen the Hebrewes asked a King of Sa∣muell, they added this, to iudge al nations.

The Areopagites iudged by night, and i• the darke. Quintil.

Aristides, for his impartiall dealing in 〈◊〉 matters, was sirnamed the Iust.

Mycerinus the son of Cleops, surpassed 〈◊〉 the Kings of Egipt for true iustice. Herod•t.

Iunius Brutus, a consul of Rome, condem∣ned his two sonnes Titus & Tiberius to be••eheaded,
Page  20
for that they conspired the reentre •f Tarquinius race into Rome. Liuius.

Philip and Alexander his sonne, when any •ame to complaine, stopped one of theyr •ares, which they reserued for the defen∣•ant. Plutarch.

No man durst euer solicite Cato Censorius 〈◊〉 any dishonest cause. Cicero.

The Emperour Iulian, though otherwise a •yrant, condemned no man before his cause •as heard. Euseb.

Cambises commaunded Sisamnes skinne •or his iniustice to bee •lead of, and couering •he iudgement seate there-with, appointed •is sonne to iudge in his place. Herodotus.

Seleucus, Gouernour of •ocris, his sonne •eeing taken in adultery, whose punishment •as losse of both his eyes, to satisfie iustice, •nd in some sort the people, who intreated •im to remit the punishment, caused one of •is sonnes, and another of his owne to bee •ulled out. Valerius.

A boy was condemned at Athence for that •e vsed to catch young Quailes and to pull •ut theyr eyes▪ and so to let them flie againe, •im the Areopagites thought not vvorthy •o lyue, fearing that if hee were remitted for •hys offence, hee would not stick in time to
Page  [unnumbered]
attempt greater cruelties. Quintil.

Phocion refused to helpe his sonne in lavv Charillus in iudgement, beeing accused for bribery, saying withal, that he had made him his allie in al iust & reasonable matters only.

Philip was importuned by an olde woman to heare her cause, to whom when the King made aunswer that he had no leysure, she re∣plyed, then be no King; which he wel regar∣ding, sette all busines aside to heare her com∣plaint. Valerius.

Thys King beeing once ouertaken vvit• sleepe, and not well hearing the iustificatio• & defence of Machetas, he condemned him in a certaine summe, wherevpon Macheta• cryed out, I appeale to Philip when hee is th•∣rowly awake: vvhich when he heard againe he aquited him.
