Irene, with her young Sonne Constantine, •uled the Empire 10 yeares, after he being 20 yeares of age, tooke the gouernment a∣•one, which she enuying, when he had raig∣ned 7. yeares, caused his eyes to be pulled out, of which greefe he died; she raigned af∣ter him 3 yeares, and then the gouernment of Italy was committed to Carolus Magnus, by a generall consent.

Nicephorus possessed the Empire of the East, and made peace with Charles the great, hee was slaine of the Bulgarians the ninth yeare of his raigne, he made his sonne Stau∣ratius Emperour, who the third moneth af∣ter he gouerned, was deposed by Michaell Curopalates, and put into a monastry.

Michaell Curopalates, married Procopia, the sister of Stauratius, & made a league with Charles, and after he had raigned 2 yeares, became a Monke.

Since Iulius Caesar was murdered in the Senate, vnto Charles the great, there are found aboue thirty Emperors that were slaine, and foure that killed themselues. Sleidan.

Page  [unnumbered]
Of the Empire of Germany.

THE Empire of Germany, began in the yeare of our Lord, eight hundred & one, whose first Emperour of the VVest, was Ca∣rolus Magnus, so sirnamed for his noble acts, whose Grandfather was Carolus Martellus, his Father Pipinus of Fraunce, his Mother Birrha, daughter to Heraclius Emperour of Constantinople; he was excellently learned in the Greeke and Latine tongue, hee dyed at Aquisgrane, when hee had raigned 14. yeares.

Lodouicus Pius, his sonne, was so called of a religious superstition, not hauing the per∣fect knowledge of God, but as religion went in those dayes, for he encreased the worship∣ping of Idols and Images; he was farre infe∣riour to his Father, both in wisedome and vertue; hee caused his brothers sonne Bar∣nardus, King of Italy, his eyes to be pulled out; he made his sonne Lotharius Emperor with him, who with his brother Pipinus de∣posed him, but afterwards restored, he dyed at Magunze, and raigned 27. yeares.

Lotharius the first, vexed by the ciuill wars of his brethren, was forced to make a Tetrar∣chia,
Page  173
deuiding his Empire into 4. parts, that •e himself shold ēioy Italy with the Empire, •nd a part of Germany, which lieth between •hene, and Moselletta, Lodouicus, should •ule Germany, Charles, Fraunce, and Pipi∣•us Aquitania; he made his sonne Lodoui∣•us pertaker with him in the Empire, and •hortly after deposing himselfe, went into a monastry called Brumia, and there died, ha∣•ing raigned 15. yeares.

Lodouicus the 2, excelled in learning, god∣•ines, humanity, liberality, & profound wit, he dyed at Millaine in Italy, when hee had raigned 19. yeares.

Carolus Caluus, the sonne of Lodouicus Pius, succeeded him, for that he had no heire male, when hee fled from Charlemaine, and Carolus Crassus, the sonne of Lodouicus, Germanicus to Mantua, he was there as som write poysoned, by his Phisition Sidechias a Iew; he was couetous, proud, ambitious, and vaine-glorious, he raigned in the Empire 2. yeares.

Lodouicus the third, sirnamed the Stam∣merer, contrary to the will of the Nobles of Rome, was made Emperour, by Pope Iohn the eight, he gouerned two yeares, and dyed in the warres against Bernardus, in the mar∣ches
Page  [unnumbered]
of Italy.

Carolus Crassus, expelled the Sarazins o• of Italy, afterwards through his misfortun• in warre, and euill leagues with his enemies, he came into hatred with his Subiects; sick∣nes also bringing him low, he was not of right mind, and therefore left his kingdome to Arnolphus, the Sonne of Charlemaine; he was brought to great misery, and not hauing sufficient whereby to liue, dyed at Sweuia, in the 7 yeare of his raigne.

Arnolphus, a couetous Prince, raigned 12 yeares, and dyed of Lyce; after him the ma∣iesty of the Empire, came to the Germains, which continued with the French-men for the space of 100 yeares.

Lodouicus, the sonne of Arnolphus, gouer∣ned sixe yeares, to vvhom also Conradus Duke of Austria ioyned, and raigned seauen yeares; Henry, the sonne of Otho Duke of Saxony, succeed him, and ruled eighteene yeares, by theyr ambition many tumults a∣rose, for the space of 60 yeares, from Arnol∣phus death to Otho the first.

The Italians created Berengarius Empe∣rour, who at Verona ouercame Arnolphus, and put out hys eyes, hee gouerned foure yeares.

Page  175
Berengarius the second, succeeded him, who was driuen out of the Countrey by Ro∣•olphus King of Burgundy, this Rodolph •aigned three yeares, and was expulsed his •ingdome by Hugo a Duke, he gouerned •enne yeares, leauing behind him Lothari∣•s his Sonne, vvho ruled two yeares, after •hom Berengarius the third, with his Sonne Adelbertus, gouerned eleuen yeares, vvho •sing themselues vvith all tyrannie, vvere by Otho dryuen out of Italy.

Otho the first, the Sonne of Henry the first, deposed Pope Iohn the thirteenth, he vvas a Prince endued vvith singuler ver∣tue, hee dyed vvhen hee had ruled thirty yeares.

Otho the second, restored Nicephorus Emperour of Constantinople (beeing put •ut of his kingdome) into it agayne, and married Theoponia his sister. Henry Duke of Bauiers, rebelled agaynst him, but hee vvas by force of armes brought to obedi∣ence; hee fought vvith the Greekes and Sarazens, and being ouer-throwne he fled, and vvas taken by Mariners, who not kno∣wing him, for that hee spake the Greeke language, redeemed him-selfe for a small price, and returned to Rome, soone after he
Page  [unnumbered]
dyed when hee had ruled 11. yeares, som• write he was poysoned by the Italians.

Otho the third, put Crescentius to death and put out the eyes of Pope Iohn the 10 who deposed Gregory the fifth, whom he had made Pope; and for that there was grea• dissention, for the succession of the Empire with the assent of Gregory ordayned, that 7. Princes of Germany should choose the Em∣perour, 3. ecclesiasticall, and 4. secular.

The Archbishop of Mentz, Colein, & Tri∣er, to these were ioyned the Prince of Bo∣heme, (for as then Bohemia had no King) the Coūty Palatine of the Rhene, the Duke of Saxony, and the Marquesse of Bradenbo∣rough, but amongst these the Elector Bo∣heme is appoynted an Vmpeere, to breake off all dissension in election, if any rise.

This institution of Otho is farre more pro∣fitable, then was the ordayning of the Areo∣pagites amongst the Athenians, or the Sta∣tutes of the Ephories, to the Lacedemoni∣ans; these Electors were appoynted the yer• of Christ, 1002.

