Vespasian was of that temperance, that be would not drink nor eate, but once a day, and that very sparingly.

Socrates, by his great abstinence, liued 〈◊〉 his life without sicknes.

M. Val. Coruinus, liued free from sicknes, an hundred yeares by his abstinence.

Massinissa King of Numidia, neuer sate at his table, neuer sawced his meate, and was
Page  30
••ntent with that bread he allowed vnto his ••uldiours.

•yrus, when one of his minions moued him 〈◊〉 see Panthea, saying, that her beauty was 〈◊〉 worthy to be seene; that is the cause said ••rus, why I will abstaine from the sight of 〈◊〉. Xenophon.

•edaretus hauing escaped the election of 〈◊〉 of those three hundred Senators, which ••uerned the estate of Sparta, returned ioy∣•••, saying, that it was an easie matter to find that Citty three hundred better, and more •onest men then himselfe.

•imaeus Duke of Sauoy, willingly gaue o∣••r his Dutchy, into his Sonnes hands, and ••came an Hermit, and after that, being cho∣••• Pope, he gaue vp the seate willingly to a∣•other. Guichardine.

Amurath, the second of that name, after he 〈◊〉 obtayned infinite victories, became a •onke, of the straightest sect amongst them. Charles the fift, resigned his Empire into 〈◊〉 hands of the Princes Electors, and with∣••ew himselfe into a monastrey. Guichard.

Cato the younger, trauailing ouer the de∣••rts of Lybia, endured great thirst, & when Souldiour offered him water, in his motion 〈◊〉 threw it vpon the ground, in presence of
Page  [unnumbered]
them all, that his Army might know that h• would be in no better estate then they. V•∣lerius.

Socrates, when soeuer he felt himselfe thir∣sty, would not drinke before he had cast a∣way the first pitcher of water, that he might acquaint his sensuall appetite, to expect the conuenient time of reason. Plato.

The Germaines in Iulius Caesars time, a strong & warlike people, liued only of milk, cheese, and flesh, not knowing what wheate and vvine were, nor vvhat it was to labor the ground, or to sowe. Varro.

Liuia commendeth the barrainnes and ste∣rility of a Country, more then the fruitful∣nes saying, that men borne in a fat soile, are commonly doe-littles and cowards, but the barraine Country bringeth forth temperate and sober persons; the Athenians were situa∣ted in a very vnfruitfull place.

The feasts of Pythagoras, Socrates, Xeno∣crates, and the Sages of Greece, were the dis∣courses of learned matters & philosophy.

The Aegiptians vsed in the midst of theyr banquets, to bring in the Anatomy of a dead body dried, that the horror of it might hold them within the bonds of temperance. Hero.

In the old time Vines were planted and
Page  31
•ressed, that wine might be drunk, rather in •ime of sicknes, then of health; in so much •hat it was not sold in Tauerns only, but also •n Apothicaries shops.

The Emperor Rodolphus, when drink was brought vnto him in the war, against Octo∣tarus King of Bohemia, at what time he was •n a place, where his whole Army was trou∣bled with thirst, would not receaue it, but sayd, that his thirst was for all his Army, and not alone for himselfe.

Pythagoras liued only of hearbs, fruit, and water, he neuer drank vvine, nor that great Orator Demosthenes.

The Kings of Aegipt were forbidden vvine, which they neuer drank, except on certaine daies, and that in measure. Sabellicus.

Alexander refused the Cookes and Payste∣rers, which Ada Q. of Caria, sent vnto him, saying, that he had better then they, namely, For his dinner early rising, and walking a good while before day, & for his supper a litle dinner, but the Persian delicacies soon changed this.

C. Fabritius vvas found by the Samnite Embassadors that came vnto him, eating of Rape roots, which was all the fare he had.

Hanibal fed vpon no other meat, then the meanest of his Souldiers did.

Page  [unnumbered]
The Priests of Aegipt, the Sages of 〈◊〉 and Persia, and Iupiters Priests, seruing 〈◊〉 Gods, did neuer eate any flesh, nor drink a•ny vvine. Pausanias.
