
Lucullus, was so prodigall in sumptuous expences, and desired in all his buildings to seeme so magnificall, that he came into con∣tempt among the Romaines, & was called a Romaine Xerxes. Plut.

There was a law among the Grecians, that those which had prodigally wasted theyr pa∣trimony, should not be interred with theyr auncestors. Alexand.

Page  241
Prodigall lauishing, and palpable sensuality, •rought Pericles, Callias the sonne of Hip∣•nicus, and Nicius, not onely to necessitie, •t to extreame pouerty; and when al their money was spent, they three drinking a poi∣•oned potion to one another, died all three.

Apicius, after he had by banquetting spent is whole patrimony, because hee would not •ade a miserable lyfe, hanged himselfe.

Epicharmus an Athenian, hauing a large •atrimony left him by his parents, consu∣•ed it in sixe dayes, and all his life time after •ued a begger.

Straton Sydonius, could in no vvise abide •hat any one should goe beyond him in pro∣•igall expences, vvhereupon arose a great •ontention betwixt Nicocles Ciprius and •im, vvhilst the one did vvhat hee could to •xcell the other. Theopompus.

Poliarchus vvas so grounded in prodigali∣•ie, that he would bring forth the dead car∣•asses of dogs and Cocks (if hee loued them •hen they vvere liuing) and gather all hys •riends and acquaintance to the buriall of •hem, sparing no costs; he raised vpon their •raues great pyllars, and caused Epitaphs to •e carued thereon. Aelianus.

Chrysogonus, layd hands vpon the goods
Page  [unnumbered]
of Sextus Roscius, that hee might riotou••ly spend that, vvhich the other had wicke••ly gotten. Cicero.

Caligula, in one yeere of his raigne, spe•• prodigally 67. millions of golde, which T••berius his predecessor had gathered tog••ther. Tacitus.

In Rome it vvas prouided by lawe, that 〈◊〉 Senator should be indebted aboue a certain sum prescribed. Fenestella.

Aemilius Lepidus, hauing built an hou•• vvhich cost sixe thousand pound, vvas fo• that cause depriued from the Senate.

Diogenes, hearing that the house of a ce••taine prodigall man vvas offered to sale, said▪ I knewe well that house was so full of meate an• wine, that ere long it would vomit out his ma••ster.

To erect Tombes, to weare gold-rings, 〈◊〉 vse spyce in meate, to allay vvine vvith vva•ter, and to beare sweet smells; the men of A•sia sent as presents to the Romaines, in re•uenge of the Citties and blood that they ha• taken from them. Cicero.

Caligula the Emperour, suffered his ovvn brother to make him a feast full of all ex∣cesse, vvherein there vvere two thousan• sundry sort of dishes, & seuen thousand 〈◊〉
Page  242
•f foules.

One of the Fabij, by reason of his prodigall •xpences, was sirnamed Gurges.

Caligula was so prodigally minded, that he •ould often say, it became a man to be ey∣•her thrifty, or an Emperour.

Alexander vvas naturally giuen to spend much, and Darius to heape together, locke •p, and keepe. Plut.

Ptolomeus the first vvas so prodigall, that •hat soeuer his seruants had bought in the morning, he would giue away before night; •nd beeing by his nobles aduised to be more •oderate in his largesse, hee aunswered, You •re deceiued, to thinke that the poore and needie Prince is troubled.

Alexander the Romaine, very sildom gaue gold or siluer to any man but to souldiours; •ffirming it to be vnlawfull for him that was •teward of the Common-wealth, to conuert •hat vvhich the prouinces had contributed, •o the priuate sports and pastimes of hym∣•elfe and his fauorites. Lampridius.

Of Pride. Pride is a sinne of the soule, which is not seene •nd perceiued of any, but of God onely; and
Page  [unnumbered]
therfore Moses giueth no temporall punishmen• to proude men, but reserued them to the iudge∣ment of God.

ROmulus, puffed vp with the glory he• had attained vnto, became more seuere to his Senators, and therefore hee was slaine of them at the flood of Caprea. Liuius.

