
The people that dwell by the riuer Niger, otherwise called the people of Seneca in Af∣frica, offer themselues vvith great willingnes to bee buried quicke with their maisters; vvherevpon Zeno sayd, that all the demon∣strations of Logicke and Mathematick, had not so much force to proue the immortality of the soule, as this onely deed of theirs.
Page  [unnumbered]
Alexander asked a Gymnosophist, vvhe•ther there were more men aliue then deade he sayd there were more aliue, because no•• are dead. Plutarch.

All the learning of the Sages & Scythians, was grounded vppon the immortality of the soule.

The Schollers of Hegesias hearing there Maister discoursing of the immortalitie of soules departed out of thys lyfe, vvere so rauished with his words, that they vvillinglie killed themselues. Plutarch.

The soules of Saints in heauen, knowe no∣thing vvhat is doone vpon the earth; for if they did, said August: my mother Monicha would bee with mee euery night, to comfort me in my heauines. de ciuit. Dei.

Plinie the elder, denying the immortalitie of the soule, vvhilst hee was ouer curious in searching out the cause of the burning Aetna, was burned therein. A iust punishment for him, to end his life by smoake, who esteemed the soule no better then a vapour.

Origen attributeth vnto the soules depar∣ted, a place vpon the earth, where they learn those thinges which they knewe not vvhile they liued; As the Papists frame a Purgato∣rie, so he an Eruditory. P. Mart.

Page  40
Philoronimus a priest of Galatia, liued sixe ••eres in dead mens vaults and Sepulchers, ••at bee might alwayes remember, that hee •as dead to the vvorld, and aliue to Christ. ••aclides.

Pope •eo commanded two Phylosophers 〈◊〉 discourse of the soule, the one to proue •e immortalitie, the other that it was mor∣•ll; and when the Pope was to giue iudge∣•ent, hee sayde to him that had maintained •he immortality, Thou hast argued the truth, •ut the reasons of the other sauour of more plea∣••re and liberty. Luther.

The soules of Tyrants are composed of ar∣ogancie and cruelty. Plutarch.

Of all the fiue Sences, the sight is most piercing and subtile, for the kinde thereof is •erie.

Benedictus had such a power in his eye, euē to his superiors, that with a looke, he caused a furious and audatious King of the Goaths to quake and tremble.

Plautianus had such a terror in his counte∣nance, that the lookers on him were daūted; for this cause when he went abroade, he had ••teambulones to Marshall the way, and giue warning of his cōming, that they might not behold him. Herodianus.

Page  [unnumbered]
Comodus was of so perfect ayme & sigh• that what soeuer he shot at, he killed, and 〈◊〉 Herodotus writeth, he slew a hundred wild beasts at a hundred shot.

Amongst all lyuing creaturs, GOD hat• onely giuen immoouable eares to men and Apes. Aristotle.

Those that dwel by the riuer Nilus, are very deafe, by reason of the horrible noyse & 〈◊〉 thereof. Ambrose.

The Emperour Claudius, seeing the meate that was prepared for the Salian Priests, dyd forth•with leaue all his serious affayres, and vvent to dinner vvith them. Suetonius.

Griffons haue so quicke a smell, that they smell carryon ouer or beyond the Seas. Am∣brose.

Touching is a vertue in the sinewes of all the body, being the sence wherein all the o∣ther imprint theyr passions. Auicen.

There is an hearbe called Spartonica, o•S•ytica, vvhich beeing tasted or helde in the mouth, the Scythians therby are able to en∣dure hunger & cold twelue dayes together. Plinie.

Page  41
Of Clemencie. This vertue by the Grecians is called Philan∣•ropia, which signifieth the law of mankind, her •ranches are thankefulnes, pitty, and libera∣•itie.

TItus Sonne of the Emperour Vespasian, for his wonderfull clemency, was called Deliciae humani generis. Iosephus.

Antonius for his pitty, was sirnamed Pius, •he (as neuer Emperor before him did) raig∣ned without the effusion of any blood.

