
Felix, a Romaine, beeing a good man, and of vpright conuersation, preached the Gos∣pell, vvhen Aurelianus did persecute the
Page  [unnumbered]
church, vnder whom he sufferd martirdom.

Eutichianus, a Thuscane, wholy giuen to godlines, saued many by his preaching the Gospell; he buried with his own hands 342. Martirs, and appoynted afterward an order for burying of them, he in the end was a mar∣tyr himselfe. 283.

Caius borne in Dalmatia, & neere in blood to Dioclesian the Emperor, was a most wor∣thy president in the church of God, he made the difference of Clergy amongst thē by de∣grees, so that frō one degree to another, they should arise to the estate of a Bishop; in time of the persecution, he with his brother Gabi∣nius hid themselues in a Caue, from whence being taken, they were both slaine with the sword.

Marcellinus, a Romain, being terrified with the persecutors tirany vnder D•oclesian and Maximiniā, he offered vnto the Idols a grain of Frankensence; but after this deede repen∣ting, reproued Dioclesian to his face, & offe∣ring himselfe willingly to death for the truth of Christ; he preuailed, receauing the crowne of martirdome. 303.

Marcellus, a Romain, endeuored to remoue Maximianus frō persecuting the Saints, but his hart being hardned, cōmanded him to be
Page  189
•eaten with cudgels, & to be driuē out of the City; wherupon he went to the house of Lu∣cina a widow, & there he kept the congrega∣tion secretly, which Maximilianus hearing, made a stable for Cattle of the same house, & cōmitted the keeping of it to Marcellus; af∣ter this he gouerned the churches by his epi∣stles, & being thus daily tormēted with stink & noisomnes, he gaue vp the ghost. 308.

Eusebius, a Grecian, gouerned the Church in the great storme of persecution vnder Maxentius, vntill he died by martirdome, as Massaeus writeth. 309.

Melchiades, for preaching the truth suffe∣red death, vnder Maximinianus Galerius the Emperour. 314.

Syluester the first, for feare of the persecu∣tion of Maximinianus, liued solitarily in the hill Soracte, but it pleased god to lay his hand vpon the persecutor, forcing him to reuoke his dedly decrees against the Christians, who died a miserable death, & in his torments ac∣knowledged Christ Iesus, repenting his bloo∣dy persecuting, the cause of this his wofull end. Siluester returned to Rome, & was the first romain Bishop that escaped martirdom; he died a confessor 234. He condemned the heresie of Arrius in the counsell of Nice.

Page  [unnumbered]
Constantine, for the loue and zeale that he beare to the Church, with other Christian Princes, did endue the Pastours therof with many large benefits, riches, and possessions, who lyuing in wealth and ease, began to ad∣uance themselues in dignity aboue their for∣mer estate, putting rich miters vppon theyr heads, and taking vppon them the name of Archbishops.

At the first, in the Church, deuotion bred wealth, but the daughter choaked the mo∣ther, & engendered the monster Ambition, who also like the cursed Impe of the bastard her mother, did at the ende deuoure her Grandmother Religion.

Marcus, a Romaine, commanded that the people and the Clergy, should on Sondayes, after the Gospell were reade, sing the Nice∣an Creede, he builded Churches, and gaue many gifts vnto them, and dyed a Confes∣sour. 335.

Iulius, the first, a Romaine, as Platina wry∣teth, appoynted certaine notaries, to write the actts of other men, the which office is yet about the Pope; he caused also Churchyards to be made, & died a Confessour. 351.

Liberius, a Romaine, (as Hierome witnes∣seth) for ambition, became an Arrian, for∣sooke
Page  190
the true faith, and subscribed to Arrius •rticles, & dyed a Confessour. 366.

Faelix the second, a Romaine, was prefer∣red by the Arrians, who deposed Liberius, & aduanced him, because they hoped he agreed with them in opinion; but in the second yere he was depriued of his seate, and Liberius re∣stored, and in the yeare of our Lord 359. he with other spyrituall persons, was slaine in a tumult.

Damasus, a Spaniard, allowed Hieromes translation of the Bible (whose notary he had beene in his youth) he writ the lifes & deeds of the Byshops of Rome, and dyed a Con∣fessour. 384.

Siricius, a Romaine, was the first that ad∣mitted Monkes into orders, for pretence of single life, who before were neuer reckoned to be as Clarks, he mingled the Antiphones with the Psalmes, & dyed a Confessor. 399.

Anastasius, a Romayne, appoynted that whilst the Gospell was reading, the people should stand; he dyed a Confessour. 404.

Innocentius, borne in Albania, would haue the Sea of Rome to be iudged of none, and died a Confessour. 416.

Sozimus, a Grecian, suppressed the Noua∣tian heretiques in Rome, and dyed a Con∣fessour.
Page  [unnumbered]
420.

Boni•acius, a Romaine, decreed that Saints euenings should be kept, and dyed a confes∣sour. 426.

