The Spheare of heauen goeth vpon two Poles, the North and the South, which are neuer seene of vs.

Page  6
The Center of the Spheare is the middle poynt of the same, and the Axe of it is a right line, passing from one side of the same (by his Center) to the cōtrary side, about which the roundnes of heauen moueth, as a wheele about an Axletree, but the lyne it selfe stan∣d•th still.

The ends of this line Axis, are called Car∣dines caeli, because they mooue about the hol∣lownes of the Poles.

The Hemispheare is halfe the Spheare, that is the part that is seene of vs, & for default of our sight, it seemeth to vs to touch the earth.

In the body of the highest Spheare & first Moueable, it is imagined that there are ten Circles, the sixe greater are the Aequinoctial, Zodiacke, Horizon, Meridian, and two Co∣lures, the lesser foure, are the Tropicke of Cancer, the Tropicke of Capricorne, the Ar∣ticke, and Antarticke.

The Equinoctiall, called the Aequator, or girdle of heauen, deuideth Heauen into two parts alike, the which be called Hemispheares, so called, eyther for that it is equally in the midst of heauen, or for that the Sun cōming to his circle, makes both day & night equall.

The Zodiacke is a great circle, & taketh his name of the Greek word signifying a lyuing
Page  [unnumbered]
creature, and of the Latines Signifer, for th•• it beareth the twelue signes.

Horizon deuideth the halfe of the Heaue• which we see, from the halfe which vvee 〈◊〉 not, in Latine it is called Finitor, & maketh principal points, East, VVest, North, Sout•

The Meridian passeth frō the Poles of 〈◊〉 world by our Verticall poynt, cutting the H••rizon in the North and South poynts.

Colures doe declare the times called Aequ••noctiall and Solstitiall, that is, when the da• and night be equall in length, also when th• day and the night are at the longest, passin• by the signe Libra into Aries, & turne 〈◊〉 to their owne point.

The Tropicke of Cancer is a circle, equall•• distant from the Equinoctiall, lying between• it and the North Pole, and touching the E•clipticke in the beginning of Cancer, it is calle•Tropicke, signifying a returning, because th• Sunne beeing brought to this point, fallet• in his noone height, and returneth againe.

The Tropicke of Capricorne is betwixt the Aequator and the South Pole, & is described by the Sun in the shortest day of vvinter, 〈◊〉 which time the sun entereth into Capricorne▪

The Articke Circle is a lesse circle of the Spheare, described by the Northerne Pole,
Page  7
of the Ecliptick▪ Proclus sayth it is described by the formost foote of Vrsa maior, & there∣of taketh his name.

The Antarticke is a like circle described by the South Pole of the Eclipticke, and is called Antarticke of a Greek word, which signifieth Opposition, because it is opposite to the other.

The foure greater circles are still the same through the whole world, and are sayd to bee moueable circles, for so much as in the mo∣tion of heauen, they be also mooued, of the which the Aequinoctiall and the Zodiacke are moueable perfectly: but the two Colures are vnperfectly mooueable, and neuer shew the whole circle in any crooked Spheare.

The other 2. greater circles be called fixed, for that they neuer mooue by the motion of heauen, but they be changeable in euery re∣gion, forsomuch as the Verticall of euery Re∣gion is diuers, by the which the Meridian of necessitie must passe, and is the Pole also of the Horizon.

By the twelue signes the Planets that bee called Sidera errantia moue not, for they err, for they haue most certaine moouing, but they bee called errantia, because they holde theyr course against the course of the Firma∣ment. Marcianus.

Page  [unnumbered]
Caput Draconis, and Cauda Draconis, the hea• of the Dragon, and the tayle, are two starre that are of the natures of Planets; this Dra•gon kept the garden of the Hesperides, an• for his continuall vvatching vvas placed i• Heauen. Ouid.

Cepheus was sometimes King of Egipt, th• husband of Cassiopeia, and Father of Andr••meda the loue of Perseus, at whose byrth th• Gods swore that none of his kinde should tast of immortalitie, and therefore hee 〈◊〉 stellified.

Bootes or the Northerne VVagoner, kee•peth the two Beares, the same circle is calle•Ar•ophilax, and is beautified vvith man• starres.

Corona, or Ariadnes crowne, made of ni•• siluer starres, which was the garland that Ve¦nus gaue vnto her when she became Bacchu• loue after that Theseus forsooke her. Ouid.

Hercules, after his many great labours, 〈…〉 the consent of all the Gods, vvas taken v• into Heauen.

