
Prince Charles, for his great & happy vic∣tory ouer the Southerne people, vvas afte• sirnamed Martell the Maule, because he• broke and battered the force of them lyke • maule, or hammer of yron.

Cato was not first a sirname, but a name o• merrite, for the auncient Romaines called him Cato, that was wise by much experience. Of this name vvere two famous, Cato Cen∣sorius, and Cato of Vtica.

Ionathan, for his valour, was named Iebo∣nathan.

Sergius Orata, & Licinius Muraena, tooke theyr sirnames of fishes, for that one of them greatly loued the Gylthed, the other, the Lamprey. Petrarch.

Nemrod, the first tyrant, was called Oppres∣sor hominum, an oppressor of men.

Cicero was called Pater patirae, the louer of his Countrey.

The sea of Icarus, was so called, for that Ica∣rus was there drowned.

The sea Aegeum, of Aegeus king of Athence, who drowned himselfe therein.

Mare Tyrrhenū, of Tyrrhenus King of Li∣dia; Hellespont, by a vvoman named Helle.

Tyberinus, altered the riuer which was be∣•ore
Page  232
named Albura, to the name of Tyber 〈◊〉 his death.

Hesperides the daughter of Atlas, gaue the Hesperian sea his name.

Mare Myrtoun, by Myrtilus, whom Oeno∣maus cast therein.

That which we call Euxinus, the Sea that beginneth at Bospherus, was first called Ax∣enos; that is, Inhospitalis, because the inha∣bitants did kill and eate the passengers, but after, being made ciuill, was called Euxinus.

The Romaines, if theyr Emperour vvere couragious, they woulde call him another Caesar, if vertuous, Octauian, if fortunate, Tiberius, if rash, Caligula, if cruell, Nero, if mercifull, Traiane, or Anthonius Pius, if beautifull, Titus, if idle, Domitian, if pati∣ent, Vespasian, if temperate, Adrian, if reli∣gious, Aurelianus, if sage and vertuous, Au∣relius.

Of Contemplation. Contemplation hath three degrees, the first is an election & choosing of good before euill; the second is, as it were an habite or inioying there∣of indeed; the last consisteth altogether in the mind of man, frō which the true example of all
Page  [unnumbered]
vertues doe flow In it all good qualities bee in∣printed, which impression, the Platonists 〈◊〉Idaeas, being nothing els but inward conception of things.

CArneades & Archimedes, were accoun•ted as dead men when they were alyue forasmuch as their mindes beeing distracte• through earnestnes of contemplation, the naturall action of their bodies seemed to cease and giue ouer, the one forgetfull to reach his hand to the dish, being at meat, the other, not knowing vvhat the matter meant, when the towne of Siracusa was taken wher∣in he liued. Laertius.

Socrates vvas seene studying a whole day, continuing the space of 24. howres in con∣templation, and discoursing in his minde, which was, vvhen hee drew out this conclu∣sion out of his thoughts, that there was b•t one onely God, and that the soule was immor∣tall.

Mison the Phylosopher, liued altogether a contemplatiue and solitary life, vvho vvhen one by chaunce met him laughing to hym∣selfe, and demaunding the cause vvhy hee laughed, hauing no company? aunsvvered, Euen therefore doe I laugh, because I haue 〈◊〉
Page  233
〈◊〉 company with me. Laertius.

Scipio, was neuer lesse alone, then when he •ad no company; and Tully, when hee was •hought to haue beene idle, studied most. Cicero.

Democritus plucked out his eyes, because •he pleasures of this world should not draw •im from contemplation.

S. Bernard, a most excellent man for lear∣•ing and holines, gotte all his knowledge wherein hee excelled all other of his time) 〈◊〉 the woods & fields, not by the instruction •f man, but by contemplation & prayer.

Saint Augustine wryteth of himselfe, that 〈◊〉 this sort hee vnderstoode Aristotles predi∣•aments, which are accounted amongst the •ardest things, and also the liberall Sciences, •nd no man taught him.
