Page  [unnumbered]
and vvoorthily called Alexander (as Platina sayth) because hee being but a beggerly and begging Fryer, might now be matched with the proudest Prince in Europe, for prodiga∣litie and courage; vvherevpon hee vvould oftentimes say, I am a rich Bishop, a poore Car∣dinall, and a beggerly Pope. He was poysoned by his phisition Marcillius Parmensis, as Bap∣tista Panaelius reporteth.

Iohn the 24. caused this Alexander to bee poysoned. VVhen hee vvas in Bononia, hee threatned the people and Clergy to bee re∣uenged, if they did not chuse a pope accor∣ding to his minde, and of many named, hee allowed none; vvhereupon hee was desired to appoynt one. Giue me (said he) the robe of Saint Peter, and I wil bestow it vpon him that shall be pope; which hee then put vpon himselfe, and sayd, In the name of God, amen, I Balthazar Cossa am Pope; which they durst not reproue, although mislike.

In the Counsell at Rome, at two sundry times, an Owle sitting vpon a beame of the Temple, and fastening her eyes vppon the pope, did with her noyse salute him; where∣vppon it brake vp, and nothing was doone, nor so much as the Owle chased avvay, as Nicholas Clemanges writeth. This pope dyed
Page  216
being deposed. ann. 1419.

Martin the fift vvas made pope, by the de∣cree of the counsell of Constance, vvhich to establish him, did depriue Benedict, Grego∣ry, and Iohn. He dyed at Rome, of the falling sicknes, an. 1431. & was buried in a tombe of Brasse, in Lateran.

Eugenius the 4. refused to come to the Counsell of Basill, because it was sayde that a Counsell was aboue the pope, and therefore he was deposed, and condemned for an He∣retick, and Amadeus Duke of Subandia, an Heremite, was placed in his stead; hee dyed, ann. 1446.

Faelix the 5. before a Duke, being an aged man before he came to be pope, lyued to see the day that the sonnes of his sons, matched in marriage with Kings daughters, and in the end, vvent into the vvildernesse vvith sixe Knights, to leade an Hermites life.

This pope beeing demaunded vvhether he kept any hounds? and to shewe them, hee brought thē that asked him to a place where a great company of poore people sate down together at dinner, saying; Behold, these are my hounds, which I feede daily, with the which I h•pe to hunt for the kingdom of heauen, he de∣posed himselfe for vnitie sake, & died, 1447.

Page  [unnumbered]
Nicholas the 5. in one yeere gotte to bee Bishop of Bononia, Cardinall and Pope, in his time the Turke vvone Constantinople He reuiued with great diligence learning & knowledge, (which was thē almost drowned vvith barbarous sophistrie,) and appoynted stipends for the maintenaunce of learned men; he dyed, ann. 1455.

Calixtus the 3. vvas an old impotent man, he decreed that no man should appeale from the Pope to a generall Counsell, and dyed ann. 1458.

Pius the 2. among the learned Popes, hee was most learned, and a most diligent vvri∣ter, he vvas made Poet Laureat in his youth by Frederick the third. Volateranus writeth, that ambition did ouerthrow many vertues in him, among many of his prouerbiall sen∣tences, he left this in vvriting, There is a great cause why the Clergy should be depriued of ma∣riage, but greater cause why they should be suf∣fered to marry. he dyed. ann. 1464.

Paule the second, being made Pope, gaue his minde vvholy (as Volateranus wryteth) to ambition, riotousnes, and pleasure, he di∣ed suddenly of an Apoplexie. 1470.

Sixtus the fourth, in the space of 2. yeeres, (for he raigned no longer) spent of himselfe
Page  215
alone in riot, 200000. crownes, and becam in debt aboue threescore thousand, hee dyed at 28. yeeres of age, beeing vvasted through his incontinent lyfe. 1474.

Innocentinus the 8. was altogether vnlear∣ned, yet to get money, he found out the title written vppon Christes Crosse in three lan∣guages, which was found hidden in a vvall; also the yron head of the speare where-with his side was wounded; and before any one might see or kisse these reliques, hee shoulde pay well for it, he dyed 1492.

Alexander the sixt, first called Rodericus Borgia, was a riotous tyrant, and in league with the deuill for the papacie. He made his sonne Duke of Valentia by magick, who was called Caesar Borgia. Of his warres and hys sonnes, reade Guichardine, and Volatera∣nus.

He made his eldest sonne Duke of Candie, who a litle while after, not vvithout his bro∣thers procurement, vvas murdered in the night, & cast into Tyber. His daughter Lu∣cretia was married to three Princes, one af∣ter another, the Duke of Pisauria, Alosius of Aragon, and Alphonsus of Ferrara.

He prepared a feast for diuers Cardinalls & Senators, purposing to poyson them, but
Page  [unnumbered]
(by the prouidence of God) hee was poyso∣ned himselfe. 1499.

Pius the 3. called first Franciscus Picolho∣meneus, succeeded him, hee raised an Armie to driue the Frenchmen out of Italy, & died seeing no euent thereof, of an Vlcer in hys legge. ann. 1503.

Iulius the second rose, A remo ad tribunall; from a vvhirry-slaue to bee Pope, for so hee vvas in his youth, he made Rauenna, Seruia, Imola, Fauentia, Foroliuinium, and Bono∣nia, subiect to his Empire. Vicelius saith, that he was rather giuen to warres then to Christ. He cast Peters keyes into Tyber, saying, Be∣cause Peters keyes are able to doe no more, let the sword of Paule helpe to doe it. Thys Bibliander vvryteth of him. He dyed. 1513.

Leo the tenth, of the house of Medices was of his owne nature a gentle and quiet person, but greatly ouer-ruled by the counsaile of cruell and contentious men. He had no care of preaching the Gospell, but rather con∣temned it; for Cardinall Benbus moouing a question out of it, the Pope aunswered, All ages can testifie, howe profitable that fable of Christ hath beene to vs and our company.

In the yeere 1518. as soone as hee heard it reported, that the Frenchmen vvere by his
Page  214
meanes slaine, and driuen out of Italie, hee laughed at the newes so vehemently, that there-with hee presently fell dovvne dead at the table.

