
Eschines finding fault with certaine of De∣mosthenes
Page  [unnumbered]
words and phrases, he aunswered, Non in eo sitae sunt opes graeciae: The summe and substance of the matter dooth not consist in that.

The Romaines had a law called, Lex papia, which gaue halfe the goods of the accused to the accuser; but Nero brought it to a fourth part, and they were euer after called Quarte∣rers, because they had a quarter of the goods that were so escheared.

Aesopus the Phrygian, that writ the fables, when he came to Delphos, was wrongfully accused of enuious persons, for stealing a peece of plate, which they had craftily hid in some things about him, for the which, he was cast downe from a rocke. Plut.

Lucius Crassus wone himselfe great praise, by a noble & glorious accusation. Cicero.

An accusation brought Publius Su•pitius eloquence to light, when into iudgement he called the seditious and vnprofitable Citti∣zen C. Norbanus.

The Lidians had a law, that as they sent the condemned murderers to row in the Gal∣lies, so they confined those that were de∣tracters and ill tongued men into a secret place, farre of from all company, the space of halfe a yeare. Plut.

Page  128
Tiberius the Emperor, condemned a great talker and rayler of his tongue, & comman∣ded that he should not speake a word the space of a yeare.

Aristophanes, was accused by the Atheni∣ans 95. times, & euer acquitted.

Narsetes, that valiant Generall, by false and slaunderous accusations, was by Iustine the Emperour depriued of his charge. P. Di∣aconus.

Theodoricus, King of the Goaths, in his rage through a forged accusation, executed Boetius & Symmachus, shortly after he was serued at the table with the head of a fish, which seemed to him to be the same of Sym∣machus looking a squint vppon him, with which conceit he fell sicke and dyed. Olaus.

Thrasibulus King of the Iewes, tooke such a conceite in that he had slaine his brother, without hearing his excuse, that he died; the like befell to Aristobulus, for murthering his brother Antiochus, who vomited vp his blood, in the place where his brothers was spilt, and in remorse of conscience dyed. Io∣sephus.

They which accused Socrates, not being a∣ble any longer to abide the publique hate, strangled themselues.

Page  [unnumbered]
Mary of Aragon, accused an Earle before the Emperour Otho her husband, saying, that he would haue defiled her, and he was beheaded, but the truth being afterwards discouered, she was publiquely burned. Ni∣cephorus vvriteth the lyke of Constantine the great.

Leo the Emperour, vpon a false accusation condemned Michaell to death, which exe∣cution being a while deferred, the Emperor dyed, and Michaell was chosen in his sted.

Mathias, the Sonne of Huniades, was char∣ged of ill behauing himselfe towards Ladisla∣us, King of Boheme and Hungary, and as he was ready to be condemned (his eldest bro∣ther hauing been before executed vpon en∣uy and false information) the sayd Ladislaus minding to marry Margaret, daughter to Charles the 7, dyed sodainly, and Mathias was chosen King of Hungary. Loncerus.

Of Flattery. This poyson of mans sences and vnderstan∣ding, hath no other scope in the world but deceit, selfe-loue, and ouerweening of ones selfe, yeel∣neth this large field, cleane taking away right iudgement, and is blind in regard of what it lo∣ueth;
Page  129
the feeders of this humour are more dan∣gerous then Rauens, for they doe but deuoure the bodies of the dead, slatterers of the liuing.

PHillip, sirnamed Gods gift, and Constan∣tine, banished flatterers frō their courts. And at Athence they were put to death, as the very ruine and plague of Princes.

Dion attributeth the hatred vvhich vvas conceiued against Iulius Caesar, & his death, to flatterers.

Dyonisius of Syracuse, sent Philoxenus the Poet to the galowes with those that were condemned to die, because heee vvould not flatter him.

The Thessalians, cleane rased a Citty of the Melians, because it was named flattery. A∣theneus.

The Athenians put Tymagoras to death, because to insinuate with Darius, he saluted after the Persian manner. Agrippa.

Alexander the great, and Alphonsus King of Arragon, hauing each of them somewhat awry necke, the one of them by nature, the other by custome; the flatterers and cour∣tiers that attended them, helde their necks on the one side, to 〈…〉 theyr imper∣perfections.
