Of the Soule. The Soule is called Anima whilst it is in the •ody and giueth lyfe, Mens while it mindeth, Animus hauing will, Ratio for that it iudgeth rightfully, Spiritus while it breatheth, & Sen∣sus whilst it feeleth.

THe Soule hath fiue vertues, of the which the first is feeling, by this vertue the soule is mooued, desiring those thing that belong to the body. Augustine.

The second povver is vvit, by thys the soule knovveth all things, sensible and cor∣porall,
Page  [unnumbered]
when they are present.

The third is Imagination, by vvhich it be•holdeth the likenes of bodily thinges 〈◊〉 they be absent.

The fourth is Reason, that iudgeth be∣tweene good and euill, truth and falshood.

The fift is Vnderstanding, the which com∣prehendeth things not materiall, but intelli∣gible, as God and Angels.

The three first virtues are situate in the soule that is coupled to the body, and giueth lyfe and inner wit to perfection of the body, and these bee common both to men and beasts.

The other tvvo, Reason and Vnderstan∣ding, be in the soule in that it may be depar∣ted from the body, and abide beeing depar∣ted, as an Angell by two manner of respects, for it beholdeth the higher things, and there∣vpon is called Intellectus, and the lower, and for that cause is termed Ratio.

In diuers bodies the soule is threefold, Ve∣gitable, that is, giueth life and no feeling, as in plants and rootes, vvhich the Philoso∣phers liken to a Tryangle in Geometry, for as that hath three corners, so hath this soule three vertues, the first begetting, the second nourishing, the third growing.

Page  38
•ensible, that gyueth lyfe and feeling, & not 〈◊〉, which is in beasts; thys soule is lyke∣••d to a Quadrangle, for it is a line drawne 〈◊〉 one corner to another before it maketh 〈◊〉 Triangles, and the sensible soule maketh 〈◊〉 triangles of vertues; for where-soeuer 〈◊〉 soule Sensible is, there is also the soule •egitable, but not é contra.

The Reasonable soule giueth life, & feeling, •nd reason, which is in men; this soule is ••kened to a circle because of her perfection •nd containing, for of all the figures of the •ame length, the circle is most, & most con∣•ayneth, and whosoeuer hath the soule Rea∣sonable, hath also the Sensible, and Vegita∣ble, sed non é contra. Aristotle.

The soule beeing once made, shall endure euermore in body or out of body, and that shall neuer be sayde that it vvas made by the Image of GOD, if it were closed in the bonds of death. Augustine.

Plato calleth the soule a beeing, which on∣ly mooueth it selfe, Zeno termeth it a num∣ber which mooueth it selfe, Pythagoras an harmony, Democritus a subtile and vncer∣taine spyrite, Aselepiades saith it is a manner of cord that setteth the fiue Sences a vvorke, Porphyrius, Idea, Hippocrates, a subtile
Page  [unnumbered]
spirit spred through all the body, and Epic••rus a kinde of fire and ayre.

Pythagoras maintained Palingenesia, whic• is, that soules departed, returne into othe• bodies; Hee sayde that hee remembred tha• hee was Euphorbius, at the sacke of Troy. Ouid.

There vvas an auncient lavve vnder Sa∣turne, that vvhen good men departed out of thys lyfe, they be sent into the fortunate Iles, vvhich Iles the Poet Pyndarus describeth, & the vvicked are sent into the Iaile of ven∣geance, which he calleth Tartarus.

Plutarch imitating Plato, bringeth in The∣spesias raysed from the dead, to discourse of the lyfe to come, De sera numinis vindicta.

The Thracians vvere sirnamed the neuer-dying Getes, vvho vvere of opinion, that af∣ter theyr departure out of thys vvorld, they vvent to Zamolrix or Gebelezie, that is in the Getish of Goatish tongue, to him that gaue them health, saluation, and all kind of happi∣nesse.

Cleombrotus a Phylosopher, when he had reade a Treatise of the immortalitie of the soule, presently slew himselfe, so did Cato of Vtica. Plutarch.

That which Virgill sayth in his second Eg∣••gue,
Page  39
concerning the drugge or spice of As∣•ria called Amomum, and the going thereof •uery vvhere, is of some interpreted to bee •eant of the immortalitie of the soule, the •octrine wherof Pherecides brought thence ••to Greece, that it should bee vnderstoode •hroughout the vvorld.

The taking of Enoch into heauen of God, •vas doone that the vvorlde might thereby •nderstand and beleeue, that there is immor∣•ality after this lyfe.

The Indians burne themselues before they •ome to extreame age, terming it the letting of men loose, and the freeing of the soule frō the body, and the sooner they did it, the vvi∣ser they vvere esteemed. Porphyrius.

Zeno sayd, that he had rather see an Indian burne himselfe cheerefully, then to heare all the Phylosophers of the vvorlde discoursing the immortality of the soule.
