
Page  [unnumbered]
Donus the second, gouerned indifferently, deseruing neyther great praise nor dispraise for a yeare and sixe moneths; he dyed anno 975.

Benedictus the fifth, was deposed by Otho, that he might restore Leo; he dyed in exile, anno 964.

Boniface the seauenth, doubting his safety at Rome, fled to Constantinople, and in his absence, the Romaines made one Iohn the 15. Pope, but at his returne, he tooke Iohn, thrust out his eyes, put him in prison, and pined him to death, but shortly after he dyed of the falling sicknes, and after his death his body was dispightfully vsed.

Iohn the 15. was Pope eight moneths, in the absence of Boniface.

Iohn the 16, as soone as he was Pope, be∣gan to beare deadly hatred against the Cler∣gy, and they likewise abhorred him, because he neglected the dignity of the Romaine sea, and bestowed the riches vpon his kindred and harlots, which fault Platina and Stella say, hath continued among the Clergy vnto our time; hee dyed the eight yeare of hys raigne.

Iohn the 17. was very well learned, & pub∣lished diuers books, he was likewise expert in
Page  202
warlike affaires; in his time Crescentius the Consull, went about to make himselfe King of Rome, wherfore he departed into Hetru∣ria; but Crescentius fearing that he went for the Emperor, sent for him to returne, which he did, and was receaued with all humility by Crescentius, who falling downe before him, kissed his feete, and craued pardon; This Iohn dyed anno 995.

Gregory the fifth, beeing the Emperours Cosen, was by his authority made Pope, whō Crescentius the Consull with the people de∣posed, and established Iohn the 18. Bishop of of Placentia. Gregory complained to the Emperour, who ouercame Crescentius and killed him, and caused Iohns eyes to be put out, whereof he dyed; Gregory dyed the 3. yeare of his Popedome.

Iohn the 18. was very learned and rich, but proud and couetous, which was his ouer∣throw; he dyed as before.

Syluester the second, a Frenchman, addic∣ted wholy to deuilish arts, be tooke himselfe to the Author thereof both body and soule, who told him that he should not dye, vntill he sayd Masse in Ierusalem, wherfore he per∣swaded himselfe, of long life, as minding not to come there; but saying Masse in the Pal∣lace
Page  [unnumbered]
of the holy Crosse, which was called Ie∣rusalem, in a terrible shiuering and quaking, he dyed miserably anno 1003.

Iohn the 19. by those means that Syluester vsed, came to be Pope, who after hee had raigned fiue moneths, was poysoned by his owne friends.

Iohn the 20. likewise by Magick got to be Pope, and was altogether giuen to idlenes, (as Platina saith) he dyed in the 4. yeare o• his raigne.

Sergius the fourth, was a pleasant, merry, & familiar companion; in his time was great pestilence and famine in Italy, and in Lo∣raine a fountaine turned into blood; he dy∣ed anno 1012.

Benedictus, the eight, by the Magicall charmes of his Nephew Theophilactus, who was Syluesters Scholler, obtayned the Pope∣dome, and was therein defended by Henry Bauarius, because he had bestowed on him the crowne emperiall, but after his death, the Cardinalls deposed him, and set vp ano∣ther, but hee vvith money compounded, and was restored agayne; hee dyed anno 1025.

Iohn the 21. brother of the former Be∣nedict, being a lay man, was made Pope by
Page  203
the coniuring of Theophilactus, he so con∣tinued 11. yeares.

Benedict the ninth, who before was Theo∣philact, as he aduanced his vncles by his Ma∣gicke Arts, so now hee brought to passe by them to succeede in theyr dignities; he after the death of Conradus, sought to disinherite his sonne Henry the 3. of the Empire, and to plant in his sted Peter King of Hungary, to whom hee sent the crowne of the Empire, with this verse, Petra dedit Romam Petro, tibi Papa coronam.

Henry ouercame Peter, and tooke him pri∣soner, and sette forward to Rome, which the Pope hearing of, sold his Popeship to Iohn Gratian, after called Gregory the 6. in the meane time the Romains deposed Benedict, & placed in his sted Iohn Bishop of Saba.

Syluester the third, King of Saba, enioyed the roome but 49. daies, and was by the Em∣peror driuen out, and constrained to returne to his Bishopricke.

Gregory the 6, learned the Magicall Sci∣ences of Syluester the 2. in the seauenth yere of the Emperour Henry the third, Benedict, Syluester, and Gregory, made themselues 3. seuerall seates in Rome, to whom Iohn Gra∣•ian came, and perswaded them euery one
Page  [unnumbered]
to take a peece of mony and giue ouer their titles, which they did.

For this cause, the Romaines created him Pope, called Clement the second; which the Emperour hearing of, came to Rome, and condemned the three former Popes, and al∣lowed of Gratianus.

He was poisoned the ninth month after his creation.

