
Herod commaunded his onely child to be killed among the general massacre of the in∣nocents in Iurie; vvhich vvhen Augustus heard, he sayd, That he had rather bee Herods hog then his child. Iosephus.

Prusius King of Bithinia, was murthered of his owne sonne, when he had committed the rule vnto him.

P. Malleolus, for killing of his mother, was the first amongst the Romans that vvas sow∣ed in a sacke and cast into the sea. Liuius.

Cham the youngest sonne of Noah, his Fa∣ther being drunke & lying naked, called his brethren to that vnnatural sight; who going backwards, couered theyr fathers secrets, for the which they were blessed, & the posterity
Page  117
of Cham accursed. Gene. 6.

Absalon rising against his father Dauid, ex∣pelled him his kingdome, & afterward assay∣led by Ioab, fled and was hanged by his haire vpon an Oake.

Helie the Prophet, winking at the faultes of his children, though forewarned of Samu∣el, died a violent death, and his sonnes both in one howre were slaine in battaile by the Philistines, as a iust reuenge for their for∣mer disobedience. Regum. 11.

Adramelach and Sarazar, murdered theyr Father Senacharib, for which they were dri∣uen out of theyr kingdome, and ended theyr dayes in exile. 4. Reg.

Irene pulled out her sonne Constantines eyes, because hee began to beare himselfe o∣uer proudly in the Empire.

Eristhenes was famished of his mother, be∣cause he fought in battaile with no courage. Rauisius.

Damatria, when shee heard that her sonne had not behaued himselfe in battaile, as the sonne of so woorthy a mother shoulde haue doone, at his returne killed him.

Orchanus caused his daughter to be buri∣ed aliue, because Apollo had rauished her. Ouid.

Page  [unnumbered]
Tigranes killed one of his sons, because he would not take him vp when hee had a fall at hunting, & for that hee set the crowne vpon his head. Appian.

Machates the sonne of Mithridates, for feare of his father, killed himselfe.

Mithridates killed his sonne Siphares, to be reuenged of the mother.

Gripus who was king after Seleucus, made his mother drinke the poyson vvhich shee had prepared for him.

Medullina, whose body was abused by her drunken Father, knowing by his Ring shee tooke of from his finger that it was hee, shee killed him at the Altar. Plut.

Of Sorrow. This vexation of mind, and sicknes of the bo∣die, is a perturbation altogether contrarie to pleasure; from whence doth spring repentance, sadnesse, freating, lamentation, carefulnes, af∣fliction, mourning, and desperation; this is the last of the perturbations of the minde, beeing in number foure.

A Certaine Nun vvas mother to P. Lom∣bardus maister of the sentences, & Gra∣tianus,
Page  118
who when shee sawe them such nota∣ble men, sayd, she could not repent, to whom her Confessor said; Only sorrow, because thou canst not sorrow. P. Mar.

The Iewes thought Ecclesiastes to bee Sa∣lomons repentance. Idem.

Origen repenting himselfe, & being sorrie for that hee did in his adolescencie, sayde; I expounded the Prophet Abdias allegoricallie, whose history I vnderstoode not.

Aeschines the Orator, being (as he was al∣wayes) sicke, did neuer complaine of the Spleene that did grieue him, & on the other part, he did much lament for any sorow that otherwise happened vnto him. Plutarch.

Telemachus helde this his greatest griefe, that Iupiter had ended the race of his Father in him, not giuing him a brother. Homer.

