
Arreigned and by Iustice condemned and executed at Chelmes-forde, in the Countye of Essex, the 5. day of Iulye, last past. 1589.

¶ With the manner of their diuelish practices and keeping of their spirits, whose fourmes are heerein truelye proportioned.

[illustration]
Page  [unnumbered]
Page  [unnumbered]
To the Reader.

IF we would call to remembrance the manifolde mercies and innumerable benefites which the Almighty hath and daily bestoweth vpon vs, in con∣sideration therof, we are bound to with-draw our filthy affections and naughty dispositions, from the vse of such detestable dealinges, as both are detested of God, whose almighty commaundements forbiddeth them, and vnto man, whose lawes are consti∣tuted to punish them as odious before the sight of God, wheron our earthly lawes groundeth and consisteth, and therfore vsed to punish or cut of such lewde or filthye of∣fenders as by breaking the deuine decrees of the Almigh∣tie, by the lawes of man descrues to be condemned: But such is the blindenes of our estate, the naughtines of our affections, and the desire of our diuelish appetites, that neither the commaundements of God, the lawes of our Realme, the loue of our neighbours, our owne wel∣fare, or the fall of others can or may moue vs to consider how profitable it were for vs to examine our liues, and to blemish such vices in vs as both the lawes of God and man forbiddeth: For what can be more odious or abho∣minable vnto God then the depriuation of his diuine po∣wer, by yeelding our selues seruiles vnto sathan for a lit¦tle worldly wealth, or hatred we haue to our neighbours, where we might rest the seruantes, nay the Sonnes of Al∣mighty
Page  [unnumbered]
God, who sent his only Sonne to redeeme vs from the seruitude of bondage, and to bring vs vnto his blisse and eternall felicitie, which shall euermore remain perfect, which if we would consider, what christian → is so blinded with ignorance or ouercome with the illusions of Sathan, but he would tremble to think vpon the iudg∣ments of the Almightie pronounced against such offen∣ders, or the lawes of the Realme, which by iustice decy∣deth them from their deuilish practises and abhominati∣ons? the glory wherof, although it be secretly concealed and vsed, yet can it not long continue, because the Al∣mighty will be no partaker of any such dealinges, nor the hart of any faithfull Christian → conceale the secrets therof: which for example I haue heere published vnto you the discourse of such diuelish practises as haue beene vsed by notorious Witches → , whose names and actions I haue se∣uerally touched in the treatise following: with the man∣ner of their accusations, taken and approued before both honorable and woorshipfull her Maiesties Iustices, at the last Assises holden at Chelmesford in the County of Essex, according to the coppies both of the offendours confession by examinati∣on: and their accusations regestred.

Page  [unnumbered]
The araignement and execution of Ioan Cunny of Stysted in the Countye of Essex widowe, of the age of fourescore yeeres, or ther-abouts, who was brought be∣fore Anthony Mildemay Esquire, the last day of March. 1589.

IN primis,* this examinate saith and con∣fesseth, that she hath knowledge and can doo the most detestable Arte of ← Witche → ∣craft, and that she learned this her know∣ledge in the same, of one mother Humfrye of Maplested, who told her that she must kneele down vpon her knees, and make a Circle on the ground, and pray vnto Sathan the cheefe of the Deuills, the forme of which praier that she then taught her,* this exami∣nate hath now forgotten, and that then the Spirits would come vnto her, the which she put in practise a∣bout twenty yeeres since, in the Feelde of Iohn Wise∣man of Stysted Gentleman, called Cowfenne feelde, and there making a Circle as she was taught, and kneeling on her knees, said the praier now forgotten, and inuocating vpon Sathan: Two Sprites did ap∣peere vnto her within the said Circle, in the similitude and likenes of two black Frogges,* and there demaun∣ded of her what she would haue, beeing readye to doo for her what she would desire, so yt she would promise to giue them her soule for their trauaile, for otherwise: they would doo nothing for her. Wher-upon she did promise them her soule, and then they concluded with her so to doo for her, what she would require, and gaue thēselues seuerall names, that is to say, the one Iack, and ye other Iyll, by the which names she did alwaies after call them. And then taking them vp, she caried
Page  [unnumbered]
them home in her lap and put them in a Box and gaue them white bread and milke.*

And within one moneth after she sent them to milke Hurrelles Beastes, which they did, and they would bring milke for their owne eating and not for her.

And further, she saith that her sprites neuer chan∣ged their colour since they first came vnto her, and that they would familiarly talke with her, when she had any thing to say or doo with them in her owne lan∣guage.*

And likewise she confesseth that she sent her saide spirits to hurt the wife of Iohn Sparrow the elder, of Stysted, which they did, and also that where Mai∣ster Iohn Glascock of Stysted, aforesaide: had a great stack of Logges in his yarde, she by her said Spirits did ouerthrowe them.

And further, faith that she hath hurt diuers persons within this sixteene or twenty yeeres, but how many she now knoweth not.

Furthermore, she confesseth that she sent her sprites vnto William Unglee of Stysted Miller, and because they could not hurt him, she sent them to hurt one Bar∣nabie Griffyn his man, which they did. Likewise she confesseth, that she sent her saide sprites, to hurt Maister Kitchin Minister of the saide towne, and also vnto one George Coe of the saide towne shoo∣maker, to hurt him likewise: but they could not, and the cause why they could not, as the saide sprites tolde her, was because they had at their comming a strong faith in God, and had inuocated and called vpon him, that they could doo them no harme.

And further she saith, that Margaret Cunny her Daughter, did fall out with Father Hurrill, and gaue
Page  [unnumbered]
him cucsed speeches, and ther-vpon, she thinketh she sent her spirits to her.

Also she dooth vtteriye denye that she sent her saide spirits to Finches wife, Deuenishes wife, and Renold Ferror or any of them to hurt them.

And beeing further examined, she confesseth that al∣though her said spirits at some time can haue no pow∣er to hurt men, yet they may haue power to hurt their Cattell.

This Ioane Cunny, liuing very lewdly, hauing two lewde Daughters, no better then naughty packs, had two Bastard Children: beeing both boyes, these two Children were cheefe witnesses, and gaue in great eui∣dence against their Grandam and Mothers, the eldest being about 10. or 12. yeeres of age.

Against this Mother Cunny the elder Boye gaue in this euideoce which she herselfe after confessed, that she going to Braintye Market, came to one Harry Fin∣ches house, to demaund some drink, his wife being bu∣sie and a brewing, tolde her she had no leysure to giue her any. Then Ioane Cunnye went away disconten∣ted: and at night Finches wife was greeuously taken in her head, and the next day in her side, and so conti∣nued in most horrible paine for the space of a week, and then dyed.

Mother Cunnye confessed that she sent her spirite Iill to torment her.

The same boy confessed that he was commaunded by his Grandmother to fetch a burden of wood, which he gathered, but another boye stole it from him, and he came home without: and tolde his Grandam: and she commaunded her sprite to prick the same boy in the foote▪ which was doone▪ and the same boye came to the
Page  [unnumbered]
barre lame and gaue euidence against her.

Againe the same boy confessed that his Grandam when he had lost his wood, saide she would haue wood enough: and bad him goe into Sir Edward Huddle∣stones ground beeing high Sheriffe of the Sheere, and to take with him Iack the sprite, and so he did, who went vnseene to any body but to the boy, and when they came to a mighty Oke-tree, the spirit went about it, and presentlye the Tree blew vp by the roots: and no winde at all stirring at this time: which Ma∣ster high Sheriffe acknowledged to be blown down in a great calme.
