King Phillip doubted more the diligence of Demosthenes, then he feared all the force of Athence.

Demosthenes, that he might auoyd all oc∣casions of the Citties pleasures, & with more liberty apply his studies, caused the haire of his head to bee close shaued off, for three vvhole moneths together.

Plautus writ his Comedies in the day, and in the night grinded in a mill.

Solon ordained that the high Court of Are∣opagus, should haue authority and charge to inquire whereof euery man liued, and to pu∣nish those whom they found idle and disso∣lute.

Iulius Caesar obtained many victories by his diligence, in such wise, that hee amazed
Page  63
the Carnuts that had reuolted from him.

Traian and Adrian were so diligent & skil∣full in warre matters, that they knew the ac∣count of their Legions, and called the most part of their Souldiours by name. Eutropius.

Epaminondas neuer gaue him selfe respite from dealing in matters of state, saying, that •e watched for his Country-mens sakes, to the intent that they might make good chere at their ease, vvhile hee trauailed for them.

Scipio sent against Hanibal, marched at the sunne set, riding all night toward Carthage, and by day he was there, and made a ditch & trench about it, & the same day prepared to giue the assault. Appian.

Crispus differing frō others, & seeming to be more prone to plesure, did notwithstāding apply himselfe to the handling of important matters, which he performed with most dili∣gence vnder a show of idlenes. Tacitus.

Agrippa did wisely admonish him that in∣tended to conserue his credite in Court, to obserue two things, the one, that with his la∣bours he should mollifie the hardnes of mat∣ters, the other, that he should leaue the glory of atchiuing them to others. Diodorus.

Caesar vsed such expedition in the last en∣counter with Pompey at Pharsalia, that hee
Page  [unnumbered]
writ to the Senate, Veni, vidi, vici, I came, saw, and ouercame. Plut.

Of Constancy & Perseuerance▪ In euery good action aduisedly begun, is re∣quired, constancy, and perseuerance, which are called by Tully, the health of the mind, resisting all dolours that seekes to confound it, and con∣tayning in their power, the whole force and ef∣ficacie of wisedome.

POmponius Atticus was much renowned for his constant behauiour towards Mi∣thridates, whom hee esteemed as one of his Princes about him. Appian.

M. Regulus was not so cōmended, because he had been twise consull, and, once had glo∣riously tryumphed, as for keeping his fayth giuen to the Carthagenians, and suffered his eye-lids to be cut off, and so to stand against the Sunne vntill he died.

Zeno being cruelly tormented of a King of Cyprus, to con•es what he vrged, because he would not satisfie his mind, bit off his tong, and spit it in the tormentors face.

The constancy of Caius Marius was won∣derfull, who to recouer his health, did not
Page  64
only giue himselfe to be sawed in sunder, but stood so quietly while it was doing, as if not he, but another man had felt the paine.

Although a thousand troubles encombred the common-wealth, yet Socrates was of an vnchangeable spirit and mind, and in all cases constant. Laertius.

Alcibiades hearing the sentence of his con∣demnation to death pronounced, sayd; It is that leaue the Athenians condemned to dye, and not they mee; for I goe to seeke the Gods, where I shall be immortal, but they shal remaine still amongst men, who are all subiect to death.

Polycarpus dying, sayd to the proconsull: VVhy lingerest thou? vse eyther beasts or fire to destroy me. Loncerus.

Ignatius being condemned, sayd boldly; I am the wheate of God, & I shall be grownd with the teeth of beasts, that I may be found fine man∣chet.

Cyprian sayd a little before his end, I am iam gladio feriendus deo gratias, I thanke God I shal straightway be smitten with the sword.

S. Lawrance tormented vpon a fiery Grid∣iron, said to the Emperour, Looke ô wretch, thou hast roasted one side, turne the other. Eu∣sebius.

