
These pyllars stoode still, vntill the time of Heliogabalus the Emperour, who inuented new vices, and destroyed ancient memories.

L. Sylla had a Daughter called Lelia Sabi∣na, of all the Romaine Ladies the vvisest, she read openly in a chayre both Greeke & La∣tine; •hee, when her father after the warres of Mithridates, beheaded 3. thousand Ro∣maines which came to salute him, (although by his word he had assured them safety) was
Page  135
•ondemned by the Senate for the fact, but •y the learned and eloquent oration of 〈◊〉 he was saued.

Shee writ diuers orations, which her father •fterward learned by •art, and as hee vvas •uicke of spirit, so hee alwayes vsed to recite •hem in the Senate for his purpose.

Aristippus had a daughter called Aretha, •ho was so renowned in Greeke and Latine •etters, that the common report vvas, that •he soule of Socrates was entred into Are∣•ha.

This Aretha writ forty bookes, had Audi∣•ors one hundred and ten Philosophers, shee •ead naturall and morrall philosophy in the •choole of Athence, and died at the age of 77. yeeres.

Zenobia Queene of the Palmerians, vvrit an Epitome of the oriental historie of Alex∣ander. Pollio.

Dama the daughter of Phythagoras, vvas famous for her learning.

Cornelia, the vvife of Africanus, and mo∣ther to the Gra•chi, writ a volume of elo∣quent Epistles. Cicero.

Polla the wife of •uca•, helped her hus∣band to finish his three bookes of the warres in Pharsalia. Statius.

Page  [unnumbered]
Sappho vvrit nine bookes of Leriques, be∣sides, Epigrams, Elegies, and other Poems, shee flourished when Alcaeus & Stesichorus liued.

Of the auncient Thracians, there vvas no• one endued with learning.

The Barbarians thoght it a thing reproch∣full to haue knowledge and vnderstanding.

The people of Asia, attaining cleerer light of learning, were so bold, that they said Or∣pheus the excellent Musitian wanted wise∣dom, because he was a Thracian borne.

The Lacedemonians vvere vnlearned, for they regarded nothing but the exercises of the body.

The Emperour Licinius and Valentianus, vvere such enemies to learning, that they called learning the only poison of the world, and those that were learned, the Asses of Cu∣ma. Ignatius.

Albeit that Traian was one of the best Em∣perours that liued, yet he gaue not himselfe to learning for any commendation that Plu∣tarch made thereof, but sayd, The Gods haue not made me to turne ouer the leaues of a booke, but to deale with martiall affaires. Eutrop.

Agricola restrained his minde, sette on fire with desire of learning, knowing it to bee a
Page  136
very hard thing for a man to holde a meane •n vvisedome. Tacitus.

Of Opinion. Among the Philosophers, some were Stoicks, some Academicks, some Peripatetickes, some E∣picures; of Lawyers, some Cassians, some Sabi∣ans, some Proculeians; among Phisitions, some affect Gallen, some Hippocrates, some Paracel∣sus; the Iewes had their Esses, Saduces, & Pha∣rises; In the Vniuersities, some are Libertines, some Germaines, some Alexandrians, some Ci∣licians; in the Church, some Protestants, some Papists, some Puritans, &c.

VArro collected in his time, 288. opini∣ons out of the bookes of Philosophers, concerning the felicity of the soule.

Socrates was reprooued of Plato, Plato of Aristotle, Aristotle of Alberius, Lelius of Varro, Ennius of Horace, Seneca of Aulus Gellius, Tesato of Gallen, Hermogaras of Cicero, Origen of Saint Hierome, Ruffinus of Donatus.

All the auncient Phylosophers sauing Pla∣to, beleeued that Tyme is vvithout begin∣ning. Proclus.

Page  [unnumbered]
Ptolomey vvas of opinion, that the midst of the earth is vnder the Equinoctiall circle. Agrippa.
