Page  [unnumbered]
for the space of eyght yeres they made warre one against the other, in the end, Lodouicus ouercame and killed Fredericke, & vvas sole Emperour, raigning thirty and two yeeres; hee dyed, and vvas a Prince indued with all vertuous qualities.

Gunther, Earle of Swartzenburge, was na∣med Emperour, yet not vvith consent of all the Electors, and shortly after, hee vvas sud∣daily poysoned at Franckford.

Charles the fourth, sonne to Prince Iohn, the sonne of Henry the seauenth, enioyed the Empire, to the honour of this election, were inuited Edvvarde the third, King of England, Frederick Earle prouinciall of Mi∣sen, but they refused it. Hee vvas a learned Prince, and erected the Vniuersity of Prage, and raigned 32. yeeres.

Venceslaus succeeded his Father Charles, and gouerned 22. yeeres, he through sloth∣fulnesse, let the Empire fall to ruine, he vvas deposed by his brother Sigismund.

Rupertus, or Robertus County Palatine of Rhene, hauing possessed the empire, after his warres against Galatius (vvho was the first Duke of Millaine, so created by Venceslaus, as Sleidan reporteth) gaue himselfe to peace and religion, & died, raigning 9. yeeres.

Page  179
Sigismundus the sonne of Charles the 4. vvas a most noble, vertuous, and learned Prince, much condemning the Germaines •or that they hated the Latine tongue, hee •ooke avvay the ambitious contention of •hree Bishops of Rome, & draue them from •heyr seates, he died, raigning 27. yeeres.

Albert the second, Duke of Austria, marri∣ed the onely daughter of Sigismund, vvho •hereby vvas King of Bohemia & Hungaria, •nd was the successor of Sigismund; in hys time the most excellent and necessary Arte of Printing vvas inuented, by the which, the knowledge of God was renued; he subdued •he Normaines, and the people of Svveuia; he dyed of the bloody flixe, raigning but 2. yeeres.

Frederick the third, Duke of Austria, go∣uerned the state for the space of 53. yeeres, vvith so great vvisedome, that it florished in •ll prosperitie and quietnes, hee died the 79. yeere of his age.

Maximilian, the sonne of the Emperour Frederick & Leonora, daughter to the king of Lusitania, raigned 32. yeeres, he married Mary, the daughter of Charles Duke of Bur∣gundie, by vvhom hee had the Dukedome, and Matthew the King of Pannonia beeing
Page  [unnumbered]
dead, he obtained the kingdome; thys vvas a Prince noble, valorous, and a patron of all learning, nor thought hee it dishonour (ha∣uing taken King Henry the 8. his pay) to serue against Fraunce, vnder his conquering colours.

Charles the 5. sonne of Philip, vvho vvas Archduke of Austria, and the sonne of Max∣imilian and Mary, succeeded; of this Philip came Carolus and Ferdinandus, vvhose mother was Ioane, Queene of Castile; he had also foure daughters, Leonora, married to the King of Lusitania, Isabell to the King of Fraunce, Mary to the king of Denmark, and Katherine to the king of Hungaria.

Charles the fift, vvas crovvned at Aquis∣grane with the siluer crovvne; for it is an auncient custome, that all Emperors should be crowned vvith 3. diuers crownes, vvhich were of gold, siluer, and yron.

At Rome & Bononie, they were crowned with the crowne of golde, for the Empyre o• Rome, with the siluer at Aquisgrane for the Empire of Germany, and at Menza with the yron crowne for Lombardie.

Charles Duke of Burbon, with the Empe∣rors host, besieged Rome, and sacked it, con∣strayning Pope Leo to flie to his Castle An∣•elo,
Page  180
but the Duke was vnfortunatly slaine •n the assault, with an harguebuze.

Hee was elected Emperor at 19. yeeres of •ge, Fraunces the French king was his com∣•etitor, he conquered Millaine, & ouercame •he Frenchmen and Switzers, in which wars Fraunces there king was taken prisoner, hee •ooke the kingdome of Tunis from Aeno∣•arbus, Lieuetenant of the Turke, & con∣quered by assault the towne of Affrick.

VVhen he had raigned 37. yeeres, he re∣signed to his sonne Philip all the estate and •ignories, & his Empire to his brother Fer∣dinando King of the Romaines; this doone, hee vvent into a Monastery of the Monkes of the order of Saint Hierome, and therein dyed.

Ferdinand the brother of Charles, sonne of Philip Archduke of Austria, and Ioane, Qu. of Castile, blessed by God in many prospe∣rous victories, and in a small power (in com∣parison of the forces of Solyman) was made a Conquerour ouer the Turke, Anno 1529. hee was a Prince of great clemencie, a louer of learning, studying to preserue peace in Europe among Christian Princes, hee dyed when hee had raigned sixe yeeres and foure months.

Page  [unnumbered]
Maximilian the sonne of Ferdinand, vvas chosen Emperor, 1564. Hee made prospe∣rous expeditions against the Turkes, & died vvhen he had raigned 11. yeeres.

Rodolphus his sonne succeeded him, who gouerneth the Empire at this day.

The maiestie of the Romaine Monarchie, florished especially in the house of Haspurge, and hath lineally brought foorth tenne Em∣perours.

The Romaine Empire hath surmounted all others that haue been or shal be, it is novv much dismembred; in Asia it hath nothing, beeing as now possessed of the Turkes, and Tartarians, all Affricke almost is lost.

Portingall, Spayne, England, France, Po∣land, Denmarke, Hungaria, Slauonia, and all Greece, are cut from the Empire, vvith the Countries there abouts, and the Iles of Sicilia, Sardinia, Corsica, and Sauoy.

Italy, vvhich hath alwaies beene the first, & most auncient patrimony of the Romain Empire, scarce acknowledgeth the Empe∣rour, Spaine holds Calabria, Puel, Campa∣nia, and the Kingdome of Naples, &c, as by succession of their auncestors.
