Romulus, was the first King of Rome, Iuli∣us Caesar the first Emperour.

C. Agrippa, desirous to know the originall of a Monks hood, sought many bookes, and neyther in the old testament, nor amongst the Prophets and Patriarches, was it to bee found, then he looked into the new Testa∣ment, amongst the Saints and Apostles, but there was no mention of any such thing, by chance cōming into a Paynters shop, he saw the temptation of Christ by the deuill liuely paynted, and a hood vpon his head, then was he glad that hee had found that in pictures,
Page  155
which hee could not in bookes, that the de∣uill was the first inuentour of the Moonkes •oods. Cor. Agrippa.

Poets, first professed naturall Philosophy, of the which Prometheus, Linus, Orpheus, and Homer, were the inuentors.

The Lacedemonians, found the helmet, speare, and sword; the Scithians, the vse of bowes and arrowes.

Simonides, inuented the Art of memory, which was perfected by Metrodorus Scep∣ticus. Cor. Agrippa.

Aristeus, King of Arcadia, first found the vse of h•ney.

Victories and tryumphs, were first orday∣ned by Dionysius.

Gorgias Leontinus, was the first among the Greekes for his eloquence, that had his picture set vp at Delphos, in the temple of Apollo.

Vlisses, was the first, after that Troy was o∣uercom, that vsed to kil birds, which pastime he deuised, that it might cause those gallants, whose fathers at the siege of Troy were slain, to forget theyr deaths, with this new found pleasure. Cor. Agrippa.

The Cyclopians, were the first workers of Iron works.

Page  [unnumbered]
The Athenians taught first to plant trees and Vineyards.

The Phrigians, first made Chariots and VVaggons.

The first that inuented to cut off theeues eares, and strangle them vpon Gibbets, were the Gothes, who notwithstanding in other respects were barbarous; yet vsed they se∣uere iustice to malefactors. Gueuara.

Varro, a great searcher of antiquities, wry∣teth, that all the Handicrafts were inuented within the space of a thousand yeares, recko∣ned back from his time.

Tiberius, brought this custome of speaking to the Prince by writing, and of his aunswere by the same, to the end that nothing should escape his mouth, that was not well conside∣red of before.

Dionysius, was the first in Sicily, that vsed to eate twice a day, of whom Plato sayd, That he was a monster of nature.

The Lydians first inuented the Art of dy∣cing, and playing diuers kinds of games vpon the tables.

Dircaeus, made Captain ouer the people of Sparta, inuented the trumpet, and taught all the Lacedemonians to sound the same, which was such a terrour vnto their enemies
Page  156
the Messenians, that at the first sound therof they fled, and the Lacedemonians got the victory.

Pyrrhus, first taught his Souldiers to dance in armour, called Pyrrhyca Saltatio. Plinius.

Iones, so called of Iaon the sonne of Iape∣•us, are the first Greekes.

Seruius Tullius, the King of Rome, first inuented mustering of men, which before his time, was not knowne through the vvhole world. Eutropius.

S. Lewes, the 9. of that name, was the first King that raysed a taske in Fraunce. Guy∣chardine.

Prometheus, first inuented statues and I∣mages, some say Pigmalion, vvhose Image was metamorphized into a woman. Ouid.
