Caelestinus, borne in Campania, sent Ger∣manus into England, Paladius into Scot∣land, and Patricke with a certaine Segetian into Ireland, to roote out the Pelagian here∣sie, he dyed a confessour. 435.

Sixtus the third, a Romain, called, the enri∣cher of Churches, appoynted a yearely feast day, in honor of Peters chaines, to be kept at midsommer, & dyed a confessour. 440.

Leo the first, a Thuscane, decreed that men should worship the Images of the dead, and allowed the sacrifice of the Masse, he dyed a confessour. 462.

Hilarius, borne in Sardinia, made a law, that euery Minister should be put from his cal∣ling, which maried either a widdow or diuor∣ced vvoman, and not a mayde; he dyed a confessour. 469.

Simplicius, a Tiburtinian, shewed that the Church of Rome, was the chiefe Church of all, and commanded that none of the Clergy should acknowledge, that he held any eccle∣siasticall benefice of a lay man; hee dyed a confessour. 484.

Page  191
Felix the third, a Romain, decreed that the Clergy being accused of any matter, should haue dayes granted to returne their answer, and dyed a confessour. 494.

Gelasius, an Affrican, burned the bookes of the Manichees, he made Himnes, Prefaces, Collects, and Prayers; he seuered the Apo∣crypha from canonicall Scripture, he dyed a confessour. 497.

Anastasius the second, a Romaine, commu∣nicated with the Eutichians & Nestorians, he excommunicated the Emperor, & in the yere of our lord 499. on the stool of his ease∣ment his bowels issued out of his belly, he di∣ed a confessour, as Volaterranus writeth.

Symmachus, a Sardinian, was chosen Bi∣shop, not without great dissention among the Clergy; Vspergensis sayth, that at his e∣lection, one Laurence was set vp against him, wher-vpon many slaughters both of the peo∣ple and Clergy were made in Rome, during the space of three yeares, but Symmachus preuailed, and dyed a martir. 514.

Hormisda, borne in Campania, excommu∣nicated Anastatius the Emperor, because he said that it was an office due vnto the Empe∣ror to cōmaund, & not to be at a Bishops cō∣mandement, he died a confessour. 523.

Page  [unnumbered]
Iustinus the Emperor, as Isodorus writeth made Hormisda of an Archbishop, Patri∣arch of Rome; from the time of Sylueste• the Romaine Prelates were Archbishops, fo• the space of 200. yeres, that is, from the yere 320. vntill the yeare 520. at what time they were first made Patriarchs by the Empero• Iustinus.

Iohn the first, a Tuscane; being the wor∣thiest man of all this latter companie, gaue a testimony of his pure life, by suffering pa∣ciently vndeserued death, at the commaun∣dement of Theodoricus King of Italy. 627.

Faelix the fourth, borne in Samia, excom∣municated the Patriarch of Constantinople, misdeemed of heresie, he commaunded, that they which lay a dying, should be anoynted with oyle, and dyed a Confessour. 530.

Boniface the second, a Romaine, seuered the Clergy from the Laity, by making the Quier in the Church, he dyed a Confessour. 532.

Iohn the second, a Romaine, called Mercu∣ry for his eloquence, or the Embassadour of Iupiter; died a Confessour. 534.

Agapetus the first, a Romaine, was sent by Theodorus King of the Gothes, as his Em∣bassadour, to pacifie Iustinianus the Empe∣•our,
Page  192
for the cruell murder of Amalasimitha, • noble Queene, and an excellent learned woman, whose worthy vertues the same Em∣perour reuerenced highly, which he obtay∣ned, and ordayned procession, dying a Con∣•essour. 535.

Syluerius, borne in Campania, by the pro∣uocation of Vigilius a Deacon, who did ac∣cuse him, that he would betray Rome to the Gothes, for the which he was banished into Pontus, by Theodora the Empresse, & An∣tonina the wife of Bellizarius, he dyed in his exile being a Confessour. 527.

Vigilius a Romaine, the crafty accuser of Syluerius, was by these women aduanced to the Sea, but not keeping promise with the Empresse in some matters, she caused him to be brought to Constantinople & beaten, and banished, he appoynted that seruice should be sayd, the Priest standing with his face into the East, hee dyed a Confessour in Cilicia. 554.

Pelagius, a Romaine, to please Totylus king of the Gothes, made a publique decree, that it was needfull to haue the authority of the Prince, and consent of the people in cre∣ation of Bishopps, hee dyed a Confessour. 566.

Page  [unnumbered]
About this time Totyla King of the Gothe• besieged Rome, which being miserably op•pressed with extreame famine, was compel•led to yeld it himself to the sauage peple, vn•der which it continued 10. yeres. Vspergen•

Iohn the third, a Romaine, contrary to 〈◊〉 predecessour, decreed that none ought to b• called chiefe Priest, or vniuersall Bishop, 〈◊〉 dyed at Rome 577. In his time the Armeni∣ans became Christians.

Benedictus the first, a Romaine, was Bishop when the Lombards spoiled Italy, he dyed for griefe, to see so many miseries in the Cit∣ty of Rome. 582.

Pelagius the second, while the Citty was besieged, contrary to custome was made Bi∣shop, without the Emperours commaunde∣ment, and to pacifie him, sent one Gregory a Monke to Constantinople, he died. 590.
