Heraclitus Seuerus, was dumb before the Emperour.

Cicero was astonied at the presence of the Senators, & Demosthenes at king Phillip.

Theophrastus many times in the midst of his Oration, was at a stand.

Hipparchion when he would haue conten∣ded with Ruffinus, had not a word to say, frō whence the prouerb cam, Hiparchio is domb.

Orbilius by extreamity of age, forgot his
Page  [unnumbered]
Alphabet and letters.

A certayne Romaine vaunted to Scipio, that he could call more men by their names then he, to whom he answered, you say true, for my study hath not beene to know many, but to be knowne of all.

Salust was much commended for the dex∣terity of his wit, especially in writing of an History. Petrus Crinitus.

The inuention of the Art memoratiue, is fathered vpon Simonides.

Lasterna and Axiothea, were two Grecian women, very well learned, and amongst the Schollers of Plato much renowned; the one was of so perfect memory, and the other of so high vnderstanding, that Plato oft-times being in the chaire, and these two not come, he would not begin to reade, saying, I will not reade, for that there wanteth heere vnderstan∣ding to conceaue, and memory to retaine. Hy∣zearchus.

The fifth Queene of the Lidians was Mir∣rha, which of her body was so little, that they called her a Dwarfe, but in quicknes of witte so high, that they called her a Gyant. Strabo.

Archelaus the Philosopher, learning Geo∣metry of Hipponicus, was so dull, and yet so
Page  60
well learned therein, that he would say that Geometry fell into his mouth as he gaped.

Hermogenes, vvhen hee was but fifteene yeares old, was reported of to be an approo∣•ed Sophist, but afterwards hee vtterly lost the habite of this faculty, of whom Antio∣chus Sophista, sayd, Hermogenes is become in his old age a child, who in his child-hood was an old man.

The Emperour Adrianus was of a wonder∣full memory, in so much that he could recite the names of all his absent followers, besides, he was in labour so painfull, that he in proper person visited all his prouinces. Tacitus.

Themistocles to one offering to teach him the Art of memory, desired him to teach him how to forget. Plut.

Demosthenes was very hard to conceaue, and yet none more famous then he among the Grecian Orators, vpon the sodaine he could not declaime, and being therto entrea∣ted, would answer, non sum paratus. Laertius.

Cicero should once haue pleaded vppon smal warning, but by an occasiō it was defer∣red vntill another day, which newes his Ser∣uant Erotes brought him, at which he so re∣ioyced, that he made made Erotes of a bond man, a free Cittizen of Rome. Plut.

Page  [unnumbered]
Cecillio was so foolish, that he atempted to tell the waues of the swelling Sea, as they boiled in the tumbling streame. Aelianus.

Chorebus, and Melitiades, were famous for their follies, of the which, the latter came to succour the Princes, after Troy was destroy∣ed. Homer,

Of Diligence. Diligence hath reference, to the body, and the mind, in the mind, it is study, in the body, labour, and by so much the more the exercise of the mind is painefull, as the vertues of the one excell the other.

THE Aegiptians, whē they signified labor, figured an Ant running into the corne.

Cleanthes in the night caried water, in the day, was one of Chrysippus Auditors, who being an hundred yeares old, reade Philoso∣phy. Laertius.

Sophocles, Plato, Isocrates, Hierome, con∣tinued their studious labours, to their second birth, ending their lyfes with theyr woorkes. Volaterranus.

Diodorus Siculus trauailed the better part of Asia and Europe, least he should erre, as
