
Berosus holdeth the Mountaine of Arme∣nia, vpon which Noahs Arke rested, to bee the middle of the earth.

Some Diuines say, that Ierusalem is the middest, because it is written, Deus operatus est salutem in medio terrarum.

Zeno the Phylosopher held opinion that all sinnes are equall.

Epicurus maintained, that pleasure vvas the chiefest felicity.

The Saduces & Zadukes, not the meanest Doctors among the Iewes, held opiniō, that there were neyther Angels, nor spyrits, nor soules immortall. Tremelius.

Crates the Thebane, helde that there vvas no soule in our bodies, but onely a motion gouerned by nature. Leucippus thought it a subtile ayre or an heate, and so did Possi∣donius.

One reading the diuersity of theyr opini∣ons sayd, That clocks woulde sooner agree then Philosophers.

The Switzer is of opinion, that too much study hurteth the braine.

••••hago•as held opinion, that Earthquakes
Page  137
proceeded from none other cause, then from the meeting together of dead bodies.

Epicurus Gargettius, was of this opinion, that he which was not contented with a litle, was insatiable, and neuer had enough.

Democritus, vvas of opinion, that there were worlds infinite and innumerable, which made Alexander weepe, that he was not lord of one among so many.

The Stoicks were of opinion, that who so∣euer receaued their doctrine, if in the mor∣ning he were wicked, in the euening he shold become a very good man.

Empedocles sayth, that the soule is in the blood; Plato in the braine, but Beda wry∣ting vppon Marke, sayth, that it is in the hart.

Heraclitus was of opinion, that all thinges were led by strife and friendship.

Thales Milesius, and Hesiodus, held that water was the beginning of all thinges, say∣ing, that it was the auntientest and migh∣test of the Elements, because it ruled all the rest.

Zacharias, writing to Mithridates, was of opinion, that mens destinies are in the ver∣tues of hearbs and stones.

Alexander the Peripatetike, holdeth that
Page  [unnumbered]
the hidden vertues of hearbs and stones pro∣ceede of the elements, and their qualities.

The Academicks with theyr Plato, attri∣bute these vertues to the Ideas, the shapers or formers of things.

Auicen, doth referre these operations to the intelligencies, Hermes to the starres, Alber∣tus to the especiall formes of things.

Democritus and Orpheus, were of opini∣on, that al things were ful of the Gods, mea∣ning, that there is nothing of such excellent force, which being voyd of Gods helpe, is content with his owne nature.

Anaxagoras held opinion, that snow was black, because the water it is congealed of is blacke. Cicero Acad.

Plato was of opinion, that community in a common-wealth was best. Pythagoras held the contrary.

Demosthenes, would haue two names ba∣nished the common-wealth, to the end as he thought the people might be best gouerned, that is, Lords and Subiects, Maisters & Ser∣uants. Laertius.
