The Romaines gaue him intelligence of a treason intended against him, who to shevve himselfe thankfull, sent backe vnto them a number of prisoners, and vvould receiue no raunsome.

An Arabian Turke, Admirall of the Infidels in their warre against Baldvvin King of Ie∣rusalem, vvas with his vvife and children ta∣ken prisoners, whom the king set free, in lue whereof, he went by night and tolde him, of the purpose of his companions, and led him out of the towne from danger.

Cato the elder, solde his old seruaunts that had serued him a long time, in the market, as wee vse to sell beastes; a foule blot in so fa∣mous a man.

Solon, for all the good desarts of his coun∣try, was banished from thence, and constrai∣ned to end his life at Cyprus. Valerius.

Page  228
Of Treason. The enemy to loyaltie is Treason, a thing of •ll others most odious to God, and among men •east prosperous, as by the euents appeare.

TArpeia, for loue of gold, dyd betray the Capitoll of Rome vnto Tatius King of the Sabines; but vvith the golde, receiued her deaths vvound. Liuius.

Antigonus made much of those Traytors that went about to pleasure him, but hauing once obtained his purpose, he rewarded the vvith death.

A Schoole-maister among the Phalerians, hauing the bringing vp of all the noble youth in the Citty, betrayed them to Camillus, ho∣ping thereby to get reward & fauour of the Romaines, but Camillus disdaining his trea∣son, caused him to be stript, and his handes bound behind him, and gaue his schollers rodds and vvhyps to beate him home to the Citty. Plutarch.

Fabritius sent Pyrrhus vvord of his trayte∣rous Phisitian. Plut.

Lyciscus rotted aboue the ground for hys treasons against the Orchomenians.

Page  [unnumbered]
The Embassadors that come to the Empe∣rour of Tartary, before they deliuer they• message, must of force passe betvveen tvvo fiers, onely for this cause, that if they bring any poyson, by the force of the flames it may kill themselues.

The Athenians woulde suffer none to bee buried that were traytors to theyr country▪

Bessus, for his trayterous murdering of Darius, vvas adiudged by Alexander to bee torne in sunder with two trees bowed downe together by maine strength, one against the other, vnto which his body vvas fastened. Curtius.

Lasthenes, hauing holpen King Philip to become maister of Olynthus, whereof hee was an inhabitant, complained to the King that certaine called him traytor; but hee re∣ceiued this onely aunswere, that the Mace∣donians were naturally rude & grosse, cal∣ling a Spade a Spade, and all thinges else by theyr proper name.

Darius caused the heade of his sonne Ario∣barzanes to be cut off, because hee sought to betray his Armie to Alexander.

Augustus, with his own hands put out the eyes of one that vvas accused vnto him of treason.

Page  229
Mahomet hauing taken Constantinople, through the treason of Iohn Iustinian of Ge∣nua, after he had made him king, according to promise, within 3. daies after cut off hys head.

Dioclesian the Emperour, tooke an oath in the open assembly of the souldiours, that Numerianus vvas not slaine by any his trea∣son, and therwithall drawing forth his sword, he ran Aper thorough, who being his Father in law, had trecherously slaine him. Eutrop.

M. Antonius an Orator, fled frō the wrath of Marius into a Farme-house, the Keeper vvhereof receiued him gently, & hyd hym, & sending his seruant to a Tauerne for wine oftner then he vvas wont, the Vintner asked him why he came so often for wine? he told him secretly that it was for Antonius; vvho sent word to Marius, & was by a Captaine of his slaine, who brought his head to Marius.

Decimus Brutus, one of the conspirators against Caesar, put to flight by Anthony, in his escape was taken of theeues, and asking vvho was Lord of that place, they told him, Camillus, vvhose name he much esteeming, desired to be brought to him; vvho when he saw him, made him faire presence, but pri∣uily sent to Anthony, who coulde not abide
Page  [unnumbered]
to see him, but willed Camillus to kil him.

Attilus the eldest sonne of Anthony, vva• betrayed by his Schoolemaister Theodorus vvho tooke a goodly iewell from his neck• vvhen he was killed, the which being requi∣red, and denied of him, he was hanged.

Of Names. The qualities of the minde, whether they bee good or euill, (especially in great personages) commend a perpetuall memory to theyr prospe∣ritie, eyther of theyr honourable fame, or vile infamie; therefore the auncients gaue certaine names to the true deseruers of both.

IT vvas a sure signe that Adam should be Lord of all creatures, when at the first he could call them all by theyr names. Amb.
