Origen constrained and drawne to the Al∣tar by the cruell instruments of sathan, sacri∣ficed to the gods of Alexandria, but after be∣ing desired to teach at Ierusalem, reading the 16. verse of the 50. psalme, Vnto the vvicked sayd God, what hast thou to doe, to declare mine ordinaunces, that thou shouldest take my com∣maundement in thy mouth? he sate downe and mourned.

The Valentinians did hold, that there were thirtie couple of Gods, the Heathen vvor∣shipped
Page  4
thirty thousand. August.

Euphemera Tegeian, wrote the true Hi∣storie and genealogie of the Heathen Gods, shewing that they were Kings, Princes, and great personages, and therfore he was called Atheist. Lactan.

Varro, the best learned of all the Romans, made a bedrole of all the gods, for feare (as he sayth) least they should stray away, wher∣in he concludeth, that those doe worship the true God, which adorne the onely one, and acknowledge him to bee the Gouernour of all the world.

The Pyrrhonists, a kinde of Philosophers called Sceptikes (that is to say, doubters) dyd rather suspend theyr iudgment touching the God-head, then call it in question.

Of Heauen. Heauen is called of Aristotle, the most excel∣ent booke of nature, whose longitude is between both the Poles, latitude from East to the VVest, and altitude from the South to the North.

THere are in Heauen three Hierarchies, Epiphania, Epiphonomia, Euphumia. Epi∣phania, containeth three orders, Seraphins, Cherubins, Thrones, the first of these excelleth
Page  [unnumbered]
in zealous loue, the second in knowledge, the third in iustice.

Epiphonomia, containeth likewise three or∣ders, Principalities, Powers, Dominations, the first teacheth men of lower estate to re∣uerence their farre betters; the next, chase away euill spirits, comforting thē that fight in ghostly battel, the last informe mē how to behaue thēselues in spiritual conflicts. Isidor.

Euphumia, hath also vnder it three lower or∣ders, Vertues, Archangels, Angels, Angels working miracles, shewing miracles, & com∣forters.

Saint Denis writeth of three Hierarchies, the first aboue heauen, of three persons, the second in heauen, of Angels, the third vnder heauen, of Prelates.

The Spheare, taken generally, containeth all perfect rounde bodies, vvhether they be sollid or not; vvhether contained vnder one only Superficies or more, and so may euery Orbe be called a Spheare: perticulerly ta∣ken, and in his proper signification, nothing is a Spheare but a perfect round body being solid, contained vnder one Superficies or face, in whose middle is a poynt, from which all lines that are drawne to the Superficies, are equall the one to the other.

Page  5
This is deuided into two parts, Elementall, which containeth the foure Elements, Fire, Ayre, VVater, Earth, which are subiect to alterations; Aethereall, that compasseth the ••ementall substance in his hollownes▪ being by nature lightsome, vnchangeable, & con∣t•ineth tenne Spheares.

The first and highest, is called the first Mooueable, containing all the other, and by his naturall motion mooueth from the East to the VVest, & so to the East againe in 24. howres space, & carrieth by violence all the other Spheares.

The next is the heauen Christaline, vvhich naturally but very slowlie, moueth from the East towards the vvest, in many yeeres pas∣sing but one degree. This motion hath cau∣sed the starres to alter their longitudes.

The third is the Firmament of fixed starrs, whose motion by nature is vppon two little Circles, the one about the head of Aries, the other of Libra, which is called the motion of Trepidation.

The other seauen Spheares are of the sea∣uen Planets, of which Saturne is the highest, yet slowest in proper motion, cold, dry, and pale, who endeth his course in thirty yeeres, he mooueth from vvest toward East.

Page  [unnumbered]
Iupiter is temperate, faire and bright, moo∣uing from VVest to East, vvhose course 〈◊〉 preformed in twelue yeeres.

Mars is hote and dry, of fierie colour ma∣king his reuolution from VVest toward East in two yeeres.

Sol is a King among the Plants in the mid• of his throne, the golden eye of heauē, light∣ning the vniuersall frame with his beames making one perfect reuolution in three hun∣dred sixtie fiue dayes and sixe houres.

Venus is cold, moist, and cleere, her cours• is like vnto Sol, neuer aboue eight & fortie degrees from him, when she sheweth in ou•Horizon shee is called Lucifer, the day starre and when shee followeth him, shee is called Hesperus, the euening starre.

Mercurie is neuer aboue 29. degrees from the Sun▪ his course is like vnto the same.

The Moone lowest of the seauen, running ouer the whole Zodiacke in 27. dayes and eyght houres, and somewhat more. Al these seauen make theyr reuolution naturally frō VVest to East, & yet by violence of the first moueable, are carried from East to VVest.

