
Orpheus was cut in peeces by the wome• of Thrace, because hee had changed the lawes.

The Emperour Galba was greatly praise because hee woulde neither change auncie•• law, nor create nevv.

Plutarch exhorted Traiane to take mo•• care in seeing his auncient lawes vvell pre∣serued then in making newe, and aboue 〈◊〉 things, that his life should serue for a law.

Solon requested that his lawes might 〈◊〉 preserued for an hundred yeres space, to the ende that they might neuer be changed.

In Greece were certaine Officers called Nom•thetes, who tooke great regard that no man should derogate from any good lawes.

The Almaines vvere praysed for changing theyr customs, which were found to bee but
Page  32
〈◊〉 before. Tacitus.

VVhen Varus was vanquished in Germa∣••e, they put out the eyes of all the Lavvyers ••ich they could finde, and from some they ••lled out theyr tongues also. Florus.

Galeaze Duke of Millan, caused a Lavv∣•er to be hanged for delaying of a sute a∣••inst a manifest and cleere debt.

Ferdinando the Emperour, sending a vice∣••• into the Indies which had beene newlie ••scouered, forbad him to carry ouer any •awes vvith him, to the end hee should not ••we there the seede of sutes.

French-men in matters of tryall and lavve, •oe so simply behaue themselues, that they ••icke to theyr first iudgement, & neuer ap∣peale further. P. Aemilius.

Horace maketh mētion of a statue of Mar∣••a, which none durst beholde that vnder∣tooke not a iust cause.

Astraea which maintained good lawes, and •y the equitie of them gaue quiet and con∣•entment to euery one, is nowe flowen to •eauen, impatient of such iniquities. Ouid.

There was an ancient law in Rome, that no Bakers, Bruers, Butchers, or such like me∣•hanicall trades might be Senators.

M. Caelius was saide to haue a good right
Page  [unnumbered]
hand, but an euill left, because he could plea•• better against a man then for him. Plut.

The Romans and the Lacedemonians ha• a law, that no man should sup when hee lyst nor with what he list.

It was also a lawe among the Lacedemoni∣ans, that hee which had deliuered three sor• to the cōmon wealth, should be priuiledge• from watching, both by day and night; he• which deliuered fiue, shoulde not be burde∣ned with any publique office, so highly e∣steemed they procreation of chyldren.

It was not lawfull for the Spartans to take frō their enemies any thing, no not so much as the booty or spoyle in war. Aelianus.

Vlpitian the Lawyer, wrote the manne• how the Emperors should torment and pu∣nish the Christians. Lactant.

Dracones lawes were written vvith blood, and not incke. Demost.

Draco set downe equall punishment for 〈◊〉 manner of offen•es, being the first Athenian Law-giuer, whose decrees Solon abolished, saue onely those which were against murder.

Aristotle maketh mention of a Countrey, where the inhabitants were to assure the safety of the wares, and to repay vnto pas∣sengers that losse vvhich they had sustained
Page  24
〈◊〉 theeues and robbers. Aristo. de repub.

•anlius Torquatus, caused his sons heade be cut off, because hee fought against hys 〈◊〉 body to body, cōtrary to the Edicts 〈◊〉 out of his ranke, although he came away •ith victory. Liuius.
