
Appuleius earnestly perswaded his Audi∣tors to looke often into a glasse, & to behold them selues therein, to this intent, that hee which thought himselfe beautifull and faire,
Page  76
might be faire in conditions, and who so was foule and deformed, to amend that defect by faire and vertuous behauiour.

Zeuxis made choise of the fiue daughters of Croton, of all these to make one figure most excellent in beauty.

Alcibiades, the Scholler of Socrates, was the fayrest and welfauoredst Boy in all A∣thence, whose soule he loued, which was Al∣cibiades better selfe.

Stesichorus a Poet, lost his sight for writing against beautious Helena, and recanting, had it restored to him againe.

Socrates and Aristotle not vvithstanding their deepe philosophy and knowledge, the one becam a slaue to faire Hermia, the other was bewitched with Aspasiaes beauty.

Hercules layd down his club at Iolaes feet, and became a prisoner to her conquering beauty. Ouid.

Demosthenes that famous Orator, hearing the prodigall report of Lais beauty, came from Athence to Corinth, to cōpound with her for a nights lodging. Laertius.

Poppeia, Neroes wife, had continually the milke of 5. hundred Asses, to bathe her in, thereby to preserue her beauty.

VVhen Helena was to be stoned to death,
Page  [unnumbered]
the executioners beholding her beauty, had no power to hurt her. Stecichorus.

Rhodope an harlot, was the fayrest among all the Aegiptians, vvhose slipper an Eagle snatched vp, and caried the same as farre as Memphis, and there let it fall in the lappe of Psamneticus, as he sate in iudgement, vpon which, he was presently enamoured of her person, and sent for her, whom he also mari∣ed. Herodotus.

Alcibiadon was an hearb so called of Alcibi∣ades, which he vsed to preserue his beauty.

Virgill describing the state & constitution of the body of Eurialus, saith, that he was ex∣cellent in beauty, & in the greenenes of his youth.

The Princes of Troy made great question, whether they should deliuer Helen or no to her husband, in which dispute (such was the incertainty of their affections) that they con∣demned her being absent, but whē she came in presence, the cōmanding power of beauty controled their power in doing iustice.

The good Consull Marcus Marcellus, see∣ing the noble Citty of Sarragoce burning, commanded to quench the fire, esteeming it great losse to burn things so faire & goodly.

Titus hauing subdued the Country of Iu∣dea,
Page  77
and taken the great Citty Ierusalem, when he beheld with iudgment the rich and •aire temple of Salomon, the presence and maiesty of the thing, carried him into that compassion, that commaunded no spoyle should be offered to it, till he were gone out of Asia, and returned to Rome. Iosephus.

Venus gaue Phaon a boxe of such a preci∣ous oyntment, that being anoynted there∣with, he became most beautifull. Ouid.

Among the Grecians, Alcibiades was re∣ported to haue borne the price, for the most amiablest of countenance, and comlines of personage.

Among the Romaines, Scipio and Deme∣trius Poliorcetes, were counted peerelesse.

Homer in describing such as were faire of fauour, and comly in proportion, compareth them to tall trees.

Achanthus was so faire, that for enuy he was metaphorphozed into a flower of his owne name.

Hylas for his beauty, was drawne into the water by the Nymphs. Ouid.

Diadumenus, Augustus taster, was so beau∣tifull, that in a generall contention at Elis, who was the fayrest, hee bare the bell from them all. Niphus.
