Benedictus the second, vvas the first that tooke vpon him to be called Christs Vicar v∣pon earth, he liued in the seat 10. monthes.

Iohn the fift, tooke consecration of three Bishoppes, Hostia, Portua, and Veliterne,
Page  195
which custome he appoynted to bee kept of his successors, he dyed, 687.

Conon a Thracian, beeing established, fell sicke and dyed, 689.

Sergius the first, an Assyrian borne, he ad∣ded Agnus dei to the Masse, he died, 701.

Iohn the 6. a Germaine, in the time of fa∣mine and vvar, nourished a great number of poore men with releefe, (beeing indeede the worthiest of al Popes for such almes-deeds) and redeemed diuers prisoners and captiues from bondage, he was onely elected Pope, because of Sergius adultery, and not confir∣med, Sergius beeing afterward restored a∣gaine, hee therefore is not reckoned among the Popes.

Iohn the seuenth a Grecian, beautified the Churches, and dyed, 707.

Sozimus the second, was so sore sick of the Gowte, that he dyed in 20. dayes; Naucle∣tus writeth that he was poisoned by Diosco∣rus, who contended with him.

Constantine the first, was the first that euer offered his Soueraigne his foote to kisse, hee cursed the Emperour Philippus, and all hys coyne, and mooued Anastasius to depose him, and put out his eyes. VVhen Kimre∣dus and Offa, two Kings of the English Sax∣ons
Page  [unnumbered]
for their pleasures came a voyage to Rome, beeing there, thys pope made them forsake their kingdomes, & become Monks, he dyed, ann. 715.

Gregory the second, mooued the subiects of the Emperour Leo to rebellion, because theyr Images were taken away, hee caused Spayne, Luguria, and Italy, to reuolt from him, and in the end, he excommunicated & deposed him; thus the Empire of the East, lost their title in Italy. Gregory died, 731.

Gregory the 3. vvrit to Boniface an Eng∣lishman, that the priests ought to haue sha∣uen crownes, to pray for the dead, & to offer sacrifice for them; he dyed, 742.

Zacharias was the first that gaue golden Coapes decked vvith pearles and stones to Churches, he commaunded that Gossips in no wise should marry together, hee was the first that attēpted to release subiects of theyr allegeance; for Pipinus, sonne of the ba∣stard Charles Martell, obtained of this pope, that hee would depose Childericus from the crowne of Fraunce, and giue it him and hys heyres. He forced him to become a Monke, he changed Lachis king of Lombardie, Ca∣rolorianus & others, from their royal estate, and made them become Monks, hee dyed,
Page  196
•vhen he had raigned 10. yeres, an. 752.

One Stephen a Deacon vvas chosen to •ucceed him, who died of the falling sicknes.

Stephen the second, craued of Pipin to re∣•enge his quarrell against Aristulphus king of Lombardie, for demaunding subsidie of him and his prelates, vvhich he did, and de∣•iuered the dominion of Rauenna vnto him, vvith all the Townes thereof, euen to the gulfe of Venice.

Hee vvas the first pope that vvas carried a •roade vpon mens shoulders, vvhich hys successors vse at this day; he dyed, 757.

Paule the first, the brother of Stephen, re∣stored the Images which Constantine had abrogated, but Constantine defied his cur∣ses, and withstood Images to his death, thys pope dyed, 767.

After thys, Charles the great beganne to raigne, vvho builded 24. Manasteries.

Cōstantine the second a lay man, by strong hand was made pope, by meanes of his bro∣ther Desiderius, king of Lombardy, and To∣tho duke of Nepetia, but because he had not taken ecclesiasticall orders, one Philip vvas chosen, but beeing weake in power, hee vvas forced to depose himselfe. Constantine ruled in the sea one yeere pontifically; in the end,
Page  [unnumbered]
a counsell of Italian and French Bishops de∣posed him, and put him into an Abby, as a perpetuall prison, hauing before put out his eyes, ann. 708. VVhose brother, vnder pre∣tence of praying, comming to Rome, rewar∣ded the Pope with the like punishment.

Stephen the third, disanulled all that Con∣stantine had doone, he brought to his subiec∣tion the Church of Millaine, which euer be∣fore had been free. He vvent once (that hee might bee called a follower of Christ) bare∣footed in Procession, and dyed an. 772.

Hadrian the first, by the aide of Charles the Emperour, deliuered the sea of Rome from the perrill of all other Princes; hee was the first that with his leaden Bull, did honour theyr decrees, dispensations, and priuiled∣ges.

Lodouicus Pius, the son of Carolus Mag∣nus, confirmed his Father gift, adding to the Popes possessions Venice, and sundry other lands; he made Hadrian Prince of Rome & Italy, and ratified the Popes Empire; thys Pope dyed, ann. 799.

Leo the third, obtained of Charles the Em∣perour, that the Romaines by an oath might become subiect to his gouernment, vvhich the Emperour graunted; vvherevpon, the
Page  197
