Vrban the fourth, before Patriarch of Ieru∣salem, as soone as he was pope commaunded Souldiours out of Fraunce, to subdue Man∣fred the enemy of their Church; vvhile this pope was from Rome at Pruse, the Romains coueting their old liberties, made a new kind of officers, calling them Branderesies, vvho had power of life, & death in their hands.

Mascaeus sayth, that a blazing starre appea∣red three nights before the death of Vrban, and ceased the same night he dyed. 1264.

Clement the fourth, before he came to be Pope, was a maried man, and had three chil∣dren by his wife; hee sent for Charles Earle of Aniow, to bring an Army into Italy, where he slew Manfred, and was made King of Sicill and Ierusalem, vpon condition that he should pay yerely to the pope forty thou∣sand crownes; hee dyed at Viterbium, 1270. and the seate was void two yeares.

Gregory the 10, of the house of Millaine, made peace betweene the Ven•tiuns and
Page  209
Genevvayes hee excommunicated the Flo∣rentines.

After the Empire had beene voyde a long time, he made Rodolphus Earle of Haspurg Emperour, because he should maintaine ci∣uill dissention; & after that Alphonsus king of Spayne had bestovved huge summes of money in hope to be Emperour, (especially the Duke of Cornvvall beeing deade) the Pope appeased him with words enough, but no recōpence in mony toward his charges.

Hee died at Arelium in the fift yeere of his popeship, & is there buried, who neuer cam to Rome, nor saw it. Parisius.

Innocentius the 5. dyed the same yere that Gregory did, raigning but 6. months.

Hadrian the 5. died at Viterbiū ere he was cōsecrated Pope, 40. daies after his election.

Iohn the 22. a Phisition by profession, suc∣coured with money and ecclesiasticall ly∣uings, diuers young men that vvere toward in learning, and especially the poorest. Hee prophecied by the course of starres, that hee should lyue long, but vvhilst he vvas vaine∣ly vaunting thereof, the Chamber vvherein he vvas, fell down suddenly; Valerius calleth the place which fel down, Gamesters hall, and Stella the Popes precious Chamber, for the
Page  [unnumbered]
gorgiousnes therof, he raigned 8. months.

Nicholas the 3. by his falshoode, brought Flaunders, Bononia, and the royalty of Ra∣uenna, (vvhich long time belonged to the Emperour) vnder his owne power, he dyed suddenly of an Apoplexie, without speaking any word. ann. 1281.

Martin the 4. bestowed great priuiledges vpon the begging Friers; and as hee was ta∣king his accustomed recreation, vvith hys Cardinalls, (as Carsulanus writeth) a certain secret disease came vppon him, whereof hee dyed, an. 1285.

This Pope, in the first yeere of his raigne, receiued into his familiarity, the Concubine of his predecessor Nicholas; but to auoyde the like chaunce that his child had by her, (if he should haue any) which was borne vvith hayre, and clawes like a beast, he commaun∣ded all Beares vvhich were painted in his Pallace, by a pope that vvas of Vrsinus house, to be blotted out, to auoyde in his concubine the sight therof, vvhich he thought wrough• great effect in conception.

Honorius the 4. decreed, that the Carme∣lites putting of their rich robes, should weare white weeds, & that they should bee called our Ladies bretheren, he dyed. 1288.

Page  210
Nicholas the 4. loued all men alike, and thought that he ought no more dutie to his kindred then to other; who seeing Rome in his time sore turmoiled with ciuill dissenti∣ons, died vvith greefe. 1291.

Caelestine the 5. after the seate had been a∣boue 2. yeres voyd, got the place, at the first time he sate in the Consistory, he went about exactly to reforme the church of Rome, that the Clergie might be example to other, hee thereby purchased great hatred. VVherfore hee resigned his Popeshyp, and determined to liue an Ermite, as Massaeus vvriteth, but he vvas imprisoned by Boniface, and dyed 1292. Of thys Pope sprang a sect of Monks called Caelestines.

Boniface the 8. raysed great vvarres in Ita∣ly, and excommunicated the French King; giuing the title of the kingdome to the Em∣perour, that by this meanes, (as Carion wri∣teth) the Germaines and Frenchmen might •all to dissention; he was taken by them who fled for feare of him, and cast in prison, where he dyed, 1304. Hee entred as a Foxe, hee •aigned as a Lyon, & dyed like a dog.

Hee vvas the first that deuised the Iubilie, •ccording to the Iewes tradition.

Benedict the 11. the son of a shepheard, of
Page  [unnumbered]
an excellent vvit, and very eloquent, applied himselfe to asswage all the ciuill broyles in Italy. VVhen hee was first made Pope, hys mother came to see him, being aparrelled by the Senate in seemely order, but he did dys∣daine to call her mother, vntill shee had put on her homely apparrell again; Then, quoth he, I knowe this Matron, for shee is my mother. Thys reporteth Leander Albertus.

After he had appeased those braules which his predecessors had procured, he dyed, and as some say, poysoned by a figge which vvas giuen him, ann. 1305. Of him was written these verses.

Aut rem peruerte, maledic, malefac, maledicte.
A re nomen habe Benedic, benefacte, Benedicte,
Clement the fift, translated the Court of Rome to Auinia in Fraunce, an. 1505. and there it continued 70. yeres, to the great da∣mage of the Romaines. At his coronation▪ vvas Phillip King of Fraunce, & his brother Charles, and Iohn Duke of Brittaine, where Duke Iohn, and twelue more, by a wall tha• vvas ouerthrowne by the prease of people▪ were slaine, the king was somewhat hurt, and the Pope being thrust besides his horse, los• a Carbuncle stone out of his Miter, valued at 6000. florences.

Page  211
