Ganimede, Hebe, & the nine Muses, great∣lie pleased Iupiter with theyr dauncing. Or∣pheus.

King Dauid, to shewe his cheerefull hart for the returne of the Arke of God, daun∣ced before it.

The dauncing of Herods daughter, vvas the cause of Iohn Baptists death.

Progne in a daunce, did finde opportunitie to murder her sonne Itis. Ouid.

The Ethiopians vsed songs of diuers tunes, and dauncing before they went to battaile. Pausanias.

Timotheus the noble Musition, demaun∣ded alway a greater reward of them vvhom other taught, then of them that neuer lear∣ned any thing before. Quintil.

Gelo a Tyrant of Sicilie, when by horrible oppression of his people he had brought him selfe into a generall hatred, prohibited, that no man or woman shoulde speake to each o∣ther, (for feare of conspiracies) but in stedde of vvords, they should vse in theyr necessarie affaires, countenaunces, tokens, and moo∣uings with their feete, hands, and eyes, which for necessitie first vsed, at the last grewe to a perfect and delectable dauncing; but he was slaine of them for his cruelty.

Page  100
Homer, among the great benefits that god giueth to man, reciteth dauncing.

One daunced before Demetrius the Ty∣rant, and in his gestures and motions, show∣ed the aduoutry of Mars and Venus, and their discouery by Phoebus, vvith Vulcans intrapping them; vvhere-with, contrary to his sullen disposition, he forced him to laugh and cry out, saying; O man, I doe not onely see but also heare what thou doost, and it seemeth to mee that thou speakest with thy hands.

The same daunced before Nero, in the pre∣sence of a strange King, which vnderstoode no other language but his own country, who by his daūcing, made the king to vnderstand vvhat was sayde; and at his departure, Nero bid him aske what he would, and hee should haue it. Sir, said he, lend mee this young man, that by his motions I may vnderstand the lan∣guage of my confines and neighbors.

The maiestie of Princes in olde time, vvas shewed in the daunce named Eumelia, & be∣longed to Tragedies, dissolute countenaun∣ces in that which was called Cordax, and per∣tained to Comedies, wherin men of base be∣hauiour onely daunced.

The forme of fighting in Armor, was ex∣pressed in a daunce called, Enophe.

Page  [unnumbered]
Hormus was a kinde of Daunce vvherein daunced both men and maydes, the man ex∣pressing in his motion and countenaunce, strength and courage apt for the warres, the mayde, modestie and shamefastnesse, which represented a pleasant coniunction, of forti∣tude and temperance. Lampridius.

Augustus, in the presence of many men, plaied on an instrument; A poore man stan∣ding by with other, and beholding the Em∣perour, sayde with a loude voyce to his fel∣low, Scest thou not howe this voluptuous Lea∣chor, tempereth all the world with his little fin∣ger? VVhich words hee wisely noted, and during his life, hee euer after refrained hys hands from any such lightnes in open assem∣blies.

Alexander when hee had vanquished Ilion where Troy stoode, being demaunded if he woulde see the Harpe of Paris who rauished Helen, gently smiling, hee aunswered, I had rather see the harpe of Achilles, wherevnto hee did sing, not the illecebrous sports of loue, but the valiant acts of noble Princes.

Lisander softned the walls of Athence, and burned their ships by sound of Flutes.

S. Augustine rather liked the maid or wife that soweth vpon the Saboth day, then hee
Page  101
that daunced. August.

The Archbishop of Magdeburgh brake his necke in dauncing. Mar. Hist.

The Tyrrhenes first founde the Trumpet, which they afterward vsed in battell to feare theyr enemies, and encourage their friends, likewise at solemne feastes, that they might thereby assemble the people together, and to proclaime the comming of the Iubilie in the beginning of the newe Moone, crying, ioy and rest to all men. Isodore.

Buccina was a kinde of Trumpet made of horne, of woode, or brasse, which the vvild Panims vsed to assemble themselues toge∣ther. The Hebrews vsed Trumpets of horn, in remembrance of the deliuerance of Isaac, what time an horned vveather was offered and sacrificed in his stead.

Tibia was an instrument of sorrowe and la∣mentation which men did vse in office, and sepultures of dead men; beeing like vnto a Shalme or Flute.

Lyra hath the name for diuersity of sounds, and was first inuented by Mercury.

The Harpe is called Cythera, first found by Apollo, which Virgill writeth to haue sea∣uen strings, that is, seauen soundes, & seauen differences of voyces.

