
The Athenians had theyr Gyneconomes, the Romaines their Censors, the Venetians their officers authorized, to restraine & mo∣derate
Page  96
the excesse in apparell, iewels and im∣broidery of women.

The Neece of Q. Martius, being great with child, the day that peace was made betweene him & Rome, lacing her selfe too hard in her attire, to seeme more proper and comly, she was long before her time deliuered of child, which with the mother presently died. Por∣phirius.

Q. Hortensius, euery time when he made himselfe ready, had a glasse before him, and as much time had he to straighten his gowne plates, as a vvoman to trimme the haires of her head; One day being Consull, going a∣broad in a narrow streete, he met with the o∣ther Consull, where through the straightnes of the passage his plaits were vndone, where∣fore he complained to the Senate of his fel∣low, saying, that he had done him great iniu∣ry, and was woorthy to loose his life for vn∣loosing his gowne. Macrobius.

The Lacedemonians goe all a like apparel∣led, as well the meanest as the best. Thucidides

Heliogabalus scorned to weare his apparell after the manner of the other Emperours, saying, that theyr garments vvere made of greasie wooll. Eutropius.

Lisander would not receaue the apparell
Page  [unnumbered]
and Iewels, which Dionysius the tyrant sen• vnto his daughter, saying, that those presents more dishonoured then honoured his daughters; the like is written of Sophocles.

Iulius Caesar would haue his Souldiours so braue, that he suffered them to weare theyr armour enchased with gold & siluer, as well for the beauty therof, as also that they might be more stout in battaile, for feare of loosing it; bragging that his Souldiours could fight valiantly, though they were persumed. Sue∣tonius Tranquillus.

Of Musique & Dauncing. Aristotle would haue youth to exercise them selues in Musique, and to be imployed in those harmonies which stirre vp to commendable ope∣rations and morall vertues, tempering desires, greedines, and sorrowes, for so much as numbers and melodies consist in certaine proportions and concords of the voyce; it is the excellent gift of God, and as Art of numbers & measures serueth to Diuinity, so doth the Art of Musique.

DAuid made foure Maisters to ouersee the Himnes and Songs, one in the middle, the right side, the left side, the last, to ouersee
Page  97
the Cymballs.

Alexander, vvith the Lydian tunes, vvas mooued to pleasure and banquettings, and vvith the Dorick sounds, to armor & warre.

Plato and Aristotle, would haue a man that is wel brought vp to be a Musition.

Lycurgus, notwithstanding his sharp laws, allowed of musick.

The Lacedemonians and the Cretans, (though otherwise warlike) vsed Harps, and other soft instruments.

Among the first instructions that Chiron taught Achilles in his youth, Musicke vvas one. Homer.

Marsias beeing rude and vnskilfull in mu∣sick, contended vvith Apollo, but beeing o∣uercome, vvas deseruedly punished. Ouid.

Thamyras vvoulde needes try maisteries vvith the Muses themselues, in playing on the Harpe, but being vanquished, vvas for his bold attempt bereft of both his eyes, and in derision called Barula; from him blinde Harpers are denominated.

Themistocles was thought vnlearned, and the lesse esteemed of, because he was no mu∣sition. Cicero.

The Greekes iudged none to bee learned, vnlesse he were seene in musick.

Page  [unnumbered]
The most part of the vvorld did learn mu∣sicke, except in Egypt, where it was forbid∣den, least the tender and soft mindes of their youth, should bee intised to too much plea∣sure. Diodorus.

Aliates King of Lydia, in his warrs against the Milesians, had Musitions, pipers & Fid∣lers, in sted of Trumpeters, to mooue them to vvarres. Herodo.

The Parthians caused their belles to bee rung when they went into the fielde. Plu∣tarch.

