
Metellus, when hee was ariued in Affrica, hee tooke away whatsoeuer might seeme to
Page  257
•ourish slothfulnes, and caused proclamati∣•n to be made, that none should presume to ••ll eyther bread or any other foode dressed, •hat the carriers of vvater should not follow •he Campe, that the Souldiers shoulde haue •o pages, nor beastes of carriage, that each one should keepe his ranke, cast his trench, •nd carry his victuals together with his fur∣•iture. Salust.

In the Ilands named Baleares in Spayne, the chyldren might not eate, vntill vvith theyr slings they had strooken downe theyr meate, which theyr parents vsed to sette for them vpon an hie beame or poale. Plinie.

Epaminondas killed one of his souldiours beeing a sleepe, that was set to vvatch, say∣ing that hee left him in the same estate hee found him.

The kings of Persia and Macedonia, were euery morning awaked, to put them in mind to take care of that which God had cōmit∣ted to theyr charge. Herodot.

At certaine games of Olympus, there came a Phylosopher of Thebes, which had made all the apparrel he wore himselfe; the assem∣bly meruailing that one man coulde doe all this, he answered, The sloth of man is the cause that one Art is deuided into diuers; for he that
Page  [unnumbered]
knoweth all Artes together, must needes kno• one alone. Hee vvas reputed a vaine-glor••ous Phylosopher.

More hurtfull vvas the Citty of Carthag• to Rome after her destruction, then durin• the vvhole course & season of warres whic• the Romaines had with her, for that vvhil• they had enemies in Affrick, they knew no• vvhat vices meant in Rome. Gueuara.

The great Numantia in Spayne, coulde ne•uer bee vvone (notwithstanding 14. yeere siedge of the Romaines,) till Scipio purge• his Campe of loyterers, perfumers, and har•lots.

Darius plunged the Babylonians in all ma•ner of idlenes, that they might not haue th• hart afterward to rebell.

The same policie vsed Cimon, to diminis• the force and povver of his allies, by graun•ting them vvhatsoeuer they required.

The carelesnesse and negligence of Dioni∣sius the younger, getting the vpper hande o• him, carried him to vvomen and lechery, & at length did breake in sunder his Adaman• chaines; that is, the great number of his war∣like souldiours, and his store of Gallyes, o• vvhom his Father boasted that hee left hys kingdome fast chained to his sonne.

Page  258
Sardanapalus through his slothfulnesse, was •uercome by Arbactus, and lost the Mo∣•archie of Assyria.

The Pheacons counted it the greatest feli∣••tie that might be, to doe nothing. Homer.

The Romaines vsed to punish idlenesse so ••arply, that the husbandman whose ground •as found barren, and his pastures vnoccu∣•ied, was presently put from the place, and •is ground giuen to another man.

Macarius & Diogenes, for that they would •ot be accoūted idle persons, the one would •emooue heapes of sand from place to place, •nd the other vvoulde tumble his tubbe vp 〈◊〉 downe.

Augustus did win the souldiours vnto him •ith rewards, the common sort with plentie of victuals, and all generally vvith the plea∣•ure of ease. Tacitus.

VVhē Augustus reproched a certain plaier •ecause thorow his occasion there was a tu∣•ult among the people, hee aunswered, It is •ood for thee, ô Caesar, that the people bee vvith∣•eld by our idle exercises, from busying theyr •raines about other matters. Dion.

Page  [unnumbered]
Of Gluttony. This deadly enemy to health, replenisheth th• body with humours, wind, inflamations, distil•lations, and opirations; and change of mea• draweth pleasure out of the bounds of sufficien•cie; Pleasure, in all thinges which pleaseth whereas in simple and vniforme thinges, deligh• neuer exceedeth the appetite and naturall neces•sitie.

THE Arigentines, builded as though the• shoulde alvvayes liue, and did feede, a••though they should alwayes die. Plato.

The Emperour Septimus Seuerus, & Io•uinianus, dyed with eating and drinking to much.

Valintinianus, a famous Emperour, dye suddenly of a surfet.

Lucullus, beeing asked one day by his ser•uaunt, whom he had inuited to his feast, see•ing so much meat prepared? aunswered, Lu∣cullus shall dine with Lucullus. Plut.

Vitellius Spinter, vvas so much gyuen t• gluttony and excesse, that at one supper, h• vvas serued with two thousand seuerall kin• of fishes, and with 7000. flying foules.
