Agamemnon, considering the destruction of Troy, and his owne tryumphant estate • sayd, that the ouerthrowe of Priamus mad• him proude; but afrayd vvithall, least he• thorow pride, as Priamus was, might bee o∣uerthrowne. Seneca.

Plautianus, beeing in chiefe honour and credite vvith Seuerus the Emperour, left no• a Country or a Citty vnspoyled, to vphold thereby his greatnes and pryde. Dion.

The Romaines, because they would curb• the pride of the Iewes, tooke their kingl• dignitie from them, and deuided their king∣dome into a Tetrarchie. August.

Chares vvaxed so proude because hee ha• hurt King Cyrus in the knee, that he becam• starke mad. Plutarch.

Vertue, at the first raysed the Templers, &• vpheld theyr honours, but theyr pryde and sloth, was theyr vtter ouerthrow. Polych.

Page  243
Menecrates because he was excellent in the Arte of Phisick, caused himselfe to be called •upiter; Philip minding to correct hym for his pride, inuited him to a feast, and caused a •able to be prouided for him alone, which he vvas glad of, but when he saw that in sted of meate they gaue him nothing but incense, he vvas ashamed, and departed from them in great rage.

Dioclesian the Emperour, called himselfe brother to the Sunne and Moone, and made an Edict that he would haue all men to kisse his feete, wheras his predecessors gaue their hands to theyr nobility, and bovved theyr knees to the simpler sort. God suffered him to dye a mad man.

Socrates, when hee savve that Alcibiades vvexed proude because of his great possessi∣ons, shewed the Mappe of all the vvorld, & asked him whether hee knew vvhich vvere his lands in the territory of Athence; vvho aunsvvered they were not described there; how is it then (quoth he) that thou braggest of that vvhich is no part of the world?

Antiochus had that admiration of himselfe, that he thought hee was able to sayle on the earth, and goe on the seas.

Egnatius vvould laugh of purpose, to shew
Page  [unnumbered]
his vvhite teeth. Catullus.

Palaemon a Gramarian in Rome, promised immortalitie and euerlasting felicitie vnto a∣ny he dedicated his bookes to. Cor. Agrip.

Sparsus, amongst ignorant men, vvoulde seeme a great scholler, but when hee came vvhere schollers were, hee fained himselfe mad, as though he were not ignorant in any thing, but by his infirmitie to excuse hym∣selfe from reasoning. Seneca.

Poppeia, Neroes concubine, had her hor∣ses shooed with pure gold. Martiall.

Archidemus, the sonne of Agesilaus, beeing ouercome by Phillip, vnderstanding that he vvexed proude thereof, sent him this mes∣sage, If thou measure thy shadowe now beeing a victor, with thy shadow in times past, when thou wast ouercome, thou shalt finde it no longer then in those dayes. Brusonius.

Iulius Caesar confessed (and that with boa∣sting) that hee slew in battailes, eleuen hun∣dred, ninety and two thousand men. Plinie.

Pompey the great surpassed him, who cau∣sed to be written in the Temple of Minerua, That he had ouercome, put to flight, and slaine, and vpon yeeling, receiued to mercy, twentie hundred, fourescore, and foure thousand men.

Cato Censorius boasted, that hee tooke
Page  244
•ore Townes in Spaine, then he had beene ••ves in that countrey. Plut.

Agesilaus King of Sparta, hearing an Athe∣•ian boasting the thicknes of Athens vvalls, •ayd, That the same did well become them, be∣•ause strong walls were wont to be built for wo∣•en.

A Romaine Patricide beeing ambitious of •onour, & a coward, to obtaine the same, de∣•ermined to sette fire on the Treasure house, vvhere the people of Rome layde vp theyr •reasure. Liuius.

Pyrrhus might haue beene a great Prince •f hee had not beene ambitious, and had fol∣•owed Cineas counsell, who disswaded hym from his voyage into Italie; but he said, that from Tarentum hee vvould goe to Rome; from Rome to Sicilia, from thence to Car∣thage; and vvhen he had ouercome thē, he would be king of all Greece, & thē vvould rest himselfe.

Pompey could abide no equall, and Caesar no superiour.

Fabius the proud Senator, dyed vvith swa∣•owing a hayre in milke.

Spurinus Metellus a Senator of Rome, was murdered, by reason of his ambition, & his house vtterly rased by Cincinatus Dictator,
