
•he Athenians being deuided and banded •o three contrary parts and factions, Solon •ould not ioyne himselfe with any one of ••em, but kept him indifferent to all, seeking 〈◊〉 all meanes to reconcile them together, in 〈◊〉 end being chosen their pacifier, he refor∣•ed their estate, and placed them in greater 〈◊〉 then before.

•hales, although numbred among the sea∣••n wise-men of Greece, refused to interme∣•• in common wealth matters.

Page  [unnumbered]
Demades, a man very pollitique, and prac•tised in state, being asked what Tutor he ha• to instruct him in wisdom, answered, the tr••bunall of the Athenians, meaning the Cou•• and experience to excell all the precepts 〈◊〉 Philosophy. Valerius.

Antonius the meeke, was a vertuous 〈◊〉 Emperour, and so well aduised in all his do•ings, that hee neuer repented him of an• thing he did. Eutropius.

Romulus, the first King, & founder of th• Citty of Rome, chose 100. of the eldest & 〈◊〉 in the same Country, by whose wisdom he willed it should be gouerned. Patritius.

Iulius Caesar gloried in his good fortune but yet the bringing of his great enterpri•• to passe, was by his wisedom and experien•• in warlike affaires. Suetonius.

The Lacedemonians made more acco•• of an exployt done by pollicy, then by ar• whose Captaines vvhen they had by the•• pollitique stratagems ouercome any, sacri•••ced to theyr Gods an Oxe, if by force Cocke. Thucidides.

Alexander about to destroy the Citty 〈◊〉 Lampsacus, Anaxemines his master cam to•wards him, intending to desire him to 〈◊〉 it, but the king imagining wherfore he cam•
Page  27
〈◊〉 sweare that hee vvould not graunt that •hich Anaximines should request, who desi∣••d Alexander to destroy Lampsacus, which ••quest by his oath he could not graunt, and 〈◊〉 by this pollicy he saued his Citty. Valerius.

The Italians vnable to excuse the great ••ults, treacheries, cowardize, and dissimula∣••on of their Nation, go about to colour their ••llanies with the name of Italian prudence.

One bought a draught of fish of certaine fi∣••ers in Milesia, whose hap was to take with∣•• theyr net a golden Tripos, which the fi∣••er-men refused to giue theyr chap-man, ••ying, that they bargained for fish, the mat∣•er was brought before the Magistrates, who •ere cōmanded by the Oracle, to giue it to •he wisest man; first it was giuen to Thales, he •aue it to Bias, Bias to Pittacus, vntil it came •o Socrates, who gaue it to Apollo. Valerius.

Tully cryed out in his latter age, O vtinam •unquam sapuissē, would I had neuer knowne •hat wisedome meant.

Quintus Catulus did his Country as much good by his wisedome, as Cneius Pompeius by valour, for of small force is the warre a∣•road, vnlesse there be good aduise at home. Cicero.

Phillip of Macedon, being in hostage three
Page  [unnumbered]
yeares together, learned prudence of Epa∣minondas, by which vertue he got into hi• hands, the monarchy of all Greece, and 〈◊〉 great part of Asia. Curtius.

Caesar, when he tooke vpon him, the go∣uernment of the Gaules, waged warre there 10. yeares, guided by vnspeakable prudence, that was accompanied with diligence, so that by these, he subdued 300. Nations, tooke 800. Townes, and in many battailes discom∣fited three millions of men. Eutropius.

The Romaine Kings kept Eagles in theyr campe, against thunder and lightning. Ma∣crobius.

The Emperour Tiberius, wore in his Hat• Bay braunch, to keepe him from thunder & lightning. Idem.

The Aegiptian mariners, were wont in sto••my and tempesteous weather, to hang vp•• saile, on the which was sewed the Phoca•• skinne, which is a kind of fish, called the 〈◊〉 Cowe. Plinius.

Alexander Seuerus was a very wise Prince, which he attained vnto, by the counsaile and instruction of that learned Lawyer Vlpianus.

The 7, Sages, or wise-men of Greece, were renowned throughout al the world, of whom the first was Thales Milesius, who inuented
Page  28
〈◊〉 card to saile by. Laertius.

The second was Solon, who gaue the first ••wes to the Athenians, and iudged no man ••ppy before his death.

The third was Chilo of Lacedemon, vvho 〈◊〉 Embassadour into the Orient for the A∣••enians.

