
Vectius vvas presently slaine, because he•〈◊〉 not vvhen the Trybune of the people ••ssed before him. Plut.

Fabius Maximus his sonne (beeing one of 〈◊〉 Magistrates of Rome) seeing his Father •arre of comming towards him on horse∣•••ke, and that the Sergiants in regarde of ••therly reuerence, had not caused him to ••ght, commaunded him to set foote on the ••ound, which the Father presently obeied, 〈◊〉 embraced his sonne, making more ac∣••unt of him then if he had done otherwise. •lutarch.

Of Prudence. The Poets, to declare the excellencie of this •ertue, faine VVisedome to be a vvoman, and 〈◊〉 be borne of no mortall creature, but of Iupi∣••r himselfe; whō Painters so set foorth, that on •hat side soeuer any one beholding it dyd stand,
Page  [unnumbered]
either before her, or behinde her, hee had a 〈◊〉 sight of her.

GOD inabled Salomon to dispute of 〈◊〉 hearbes and plants, euen from the Ce∣dars in Libanus, to the Pellitorie roote 〈◊〉 groweth out of the wall.

The Oracle of Apollo pronounced th•• the Chaldeans and the Hebrewes onely 〈◊〉 vvisedome parted betweene them.

The Grecians boast, that all the vvise me• were of Greece. Pausanius.

Socrates beeing (according to the iudg••ment of the Physiognomers) giuen to 〈◊〉 wickednes, by the study of wisedome refo•∣med himselfe, and became a good examp•• of a godly man. Plato.

The wisedome of Fabius & Marcellus 〈◊〉 so admired & honoured of the Romans, th•• the one was called the Buckler, the other 〈◊〉 Sword of the Romaine Empire. Plut.

Among the Romans was a Colledge of 〈◊〉 men, called Augures, by whose authoritie, 〈◊〉 state vvas sometimes gouerned. Varro.

Homer in the vvhole discourse of his 〈◊〉, where Minerua alwayes accompanie•V••ses, gyueth vs to vnderstand, that Pr•∣dence ought alwayes to guide a man to a••••ine
Page  25
to the end of his enterprise.

Men praised the prudence of Fabius, be∣••use he broke the point of fortune, and hin∣•red the aduancement of Hanibal by cunc∣••ion, temporising, & attending his aduan∣••ge, which is a vertue named long suffe∣••nce. Cicero.

Caesar the first Romaine Emperor, by his ••udence, prepared his vvay to so great a •onarchy, by reconciling together Pompey 〈◊〉 Cassius, tvvo of the greatest Romaine 〈◊〉, by whose fauour he obtained after∣••rds, the dignity of consulship. Plut.

•olon, with the diuine knowledge of wise∣••m, gouerned the Athenians, Lycurgus the ••cedemonians, and Parmenides the Eleati. •ycis the Pythagorian, inuented lawes for •aminondas, Plato for Dion, Aristotle for ••exander, Anaxagoras for Pericles, Pytha∣••ras for the Princes of Italy, and Agrippa 〈◊〉 the Emperour Octauius.

•ntisthenes bad many guests to the ban∣••et of wisedome, and none would come, 〈◊〉 Diogenes, vvhere-vpon, beeing angry •t none would tast of his learned cheare, 〈◊〉 excluded Diogenes, vvho the more hee 〈◊〉 forbidden, the more he came, in the end ••tisthenes beate him, thereby to driue him
Page  [unnumbered]
from his company, which he constantly 〈◊〉 during, Antisthenes entertained him for 〈◊〉 prudent perseuerance. Laertius.

M. Cato, when he saw that Pompey h• ioyned himselfe with Caesar, told him that did put Caesars yoake vpon his necke, wh•• then he perceaued not, but shortly it wou•• weigh heauy vpon him, and then should 〈◊〉 finde himselfe taken.

Themistocles, at what time he was 〈◊〉 Athence, and inforced to goe into 〈◊〉, being intreated of the King to shew 〈◊〉 estate of his Country, he wisely besought 〈◊〉 one yeare, to learne the Persian languag• and then he would tell him. Valerius.

Pe•ilius enioyned vpon paine of death, his Soueraigne, to make an Asse to spea• knowing it a matter impossible, demaun• seauen yeares space, hoping in that time, 〈◊〉 eyther the King, he, or the Asse would die.

Simonides being at a banquet with Pau•∣nias, he tooke occasion to desire him to 〈◊〉 some precepts of wisedome, at which 〈◊〉 laughed, and said, Remember thou art a 〈◊〉 vvhich then he not regarded, but afterwa•• in his misery, with great sorrow remembre•Theophrastus.

Cato, for the loue that he beare vnto wi••dome,
Page  26
entertained Athenodorus, Vlisses, as •omer saith, embraced Carylus, Pyrrhus e∣••eemed Artemius, Traian desired Plutarch •nd Scipio Panetius, who was learned, in all •rts both good and euill. Plut.

Euclides of Megara, desirous to heare the •isedome of Socrates, who read Philosophy 〈◊〉 Athence, betweene vvhich two Citties, ••ere was mortall emnity, so that no Citti∣••n of the one durst be seene in the other, •ithout great danger disguised himselfe like woman, and so heard Socrates.

Agesilaus sustaining great losses by Epami∣••ndas, commaunded his Souldiours to •ake head against him onely, because that •ne but wise and prudent men knew how 〈◊〉 conquer. Thucidides.
