
Page  [unnumbered]
Romanus the first, allowed the decrees of Formosus, and abrogated Stephens, hee ru∣led but 3. months, and dyed, 898.

Theodorus the 2. was an vpholder and maintained of Formosus quarrell, and dyed the 20. day of his Popeship. 899.

Iohn the 10. sommoned a conuocation of 74. Byshops at Rauenna, & restored all the decrees of Formosus, openly cōdemning the acts of Stephen, he died, 901.

Benedict the 4. did nothing worthy of re∣port, and dyed ann. 904.

Leo the first, being new made Pope, vvas violently cast into prison by one Christo∣pher, who sought to make himselfe Pope, being his priest & Chapline. He raigned but 40. daies, & died through conceit of his in∣gratitude, vpon whom he had heaped so ma∣ny benefits. 904.

Christopher the 1. was thrust out by one Sergius in the 7. month of his raigne, and as Platina sayth, compelled to be a Monke, but afterward, he was pulled out of the Monaste∣rie by the same Sergius, and cast into prison, vvhere he dyed.

Sergius the 3. vvhen he was but a Deacon attempted the popedome, and vvas chosen vvith Formosus, but beeing weake, fled into
Page  200
Fraunce, and espying his opportunitie, by the ayde of Charles Simplex, K. of Fraunce, and Adelbert, Marquesse of Thuscia, hee re∣turned secretly to Rome, and deposed Chri∣stopher his reuenge vpon Formosus. Read before in Formosus raigne. he died 913.

Anastasius the 3. did nothing good nor e∣uill in his time, when he was Pope the bodie of Formosus was founde by certaine Fishers in the riuer Tiber, and so taken vp and buri∣ed in S. Peters Pallace. Anastasius died, 915

Laudo the first, his life as Platina saith, was so obscure, that some doe not reckon him among the Popes, especially Vincentius. He begot Pope Iohn the 11. in detestable adul∣tery. Petrus Premonstratensis.

Iohn the eleueth vvas made Pope, by the meanes of Theodola a Curtezane, for the loue she bare to him, he ouercame the Sara∣zens that wasted Calabria, Apulia, and Italy. Hee was smothered by Guido Marquesse of Thusca his souldiers, which Guido, married the daughter of Theodora, that shee might aduaunce her base son by Sergius the thyrd, vvho vpon thys Popes death, vvas elected, but for that the agreement of the people and the Clergie was not certaine, he was deposed the same day.

Page  [unnumbered]
Leo the sixt, established peace in Italy, and after he had raigned 7. months, he was poi∣soned by Marozia.

Stephen the seauenth, liued in peace tvvo yeeres, and as Crantius writeth, he was poy∣soned.

Iohn the 12. raigned 5. yeeres, while his mother Marozia ruled as wel the estate tem∣porall, as spirituall in Rome.

Leo the 7. lyued quietly, and did nothing vvorthy of remembrance, hee dyed, Anno, 941.

Stephen the 8. a Germaine borne, was greatly vexed with ciuill seditions amongst the Romaines, he died, anno. 944.

Martin the third, repaired the Churches, & was very beneficiall to the poore, and dili∣gent in reforming of outward manners, hee dyed, ann. 947.

Agapetus the second, caused Otho the first to vvage warre against Berengarius a Mar∣quesse of Italy, promising him therefore the kingdome of the Romaines, as Sabellicus writeth, he died, an. 954.

Iohn the 13. was of so loose and intempe∣rately life, that the Emperour, by the con∣sent of the Prelates, deposed him, and sette vp Leo the 8. but when the Emperour was
Page  201
gone, those harlots that were Iohns cōpani∣ons, promised the Nobles of Rome the trea∣sures of the Church to depose Leo, & place Iohn againe, which they did.

He decreed, that the Emperor should euer be crowned at Rome by the Pope; but as hee was solacing himselfe without Rome a certaine night, with the wife of one (that scor∣ned to be called a well contented man, id est, a Cuckold;) he was killed forthwith in the 10. yeare of his Popedome; Of him came the pro∣uerbe, as merry as Pope Iohn.

Leo the 8. who fled to the Emperour, when he was deposed, after the death of Iohn was restored againe; he gaue to Otho authority absolute to elect the pope, as once Charls the great did, after a yere & 3. moneths, he died.

Iohn the 14. was quietly chosen, he allured the kingdom of Poland to accept him as su∣preame head of all Churches; in this time they began to giue proper names to bels, and he called the great bell of Leteran, after his owne name, & dyed anno 973.

Benedictus the 6. was imprisoned in Castel Angelo, by Cynthius, a man of great power, and there hee was strangled, or as some say poysoned; in his time beganne the name of Cardinals to be vsed, as Carion reporteth.
