Page  [unnumbered]
Antoninus and Geta, brothers & successors in the Empire to Seuerus theyr Father, en∣uied so each other, that Antoninus slew hys brother Geta, that he might rule alone. He∣rodian.

The Athenians, through the enuy they bare to Themistocles, caused Timocreon a Rhodian Poet, in his verses to report him a couetous person, a violater of his fayth, and no keeper of hospitalitie.

Caligula vvas wont for enuie to those hee met, to shaue theyr haires of behinde; hee was so enuious, that if hee saw any Romaine that had faire golden hayre, he would cut it off with his owne hands. Sueto.

Anthony caused the head of Cicero to bee set before him when he was at meat; & hys vvife Fuluia pulled out the tongue thereof, and wore it in her bonnet. Plutarch.

Metellus, at what time Pompey was ap∣poynted to succeed him in his office of Pro∣consulshyp in Spayne, for enuy threof brake all the furniture of warre, consumed all the victuals, famished all the Elephants, suffe∣ring his souldiours to doe vvhat iniury they could against Pompey.

Plato being in Aegina, it was told the chiefe Iudge that a man of Athence was in the Cit∣tie,
Page  247
which ought by law to die, he calling Pla∣to before him, demaunded what hee vvas? Plato aunswered, a Phylosopher; one enui∣ous of him and good letters, hearing the name of Phylosopher, sayd, thys is no man, but a beast, then replyed Plato, saying; I ought to be free by law, beeing a beast and no man; vvherevpon they dismissed hym. La∣ertius.

Politian writ to an enuious man; thou en∣uiest all things to all men, except enuie, and the same thou doost enuie in another man, which is more enuious then thy selfe.

The mortall hatred betwixt Caesar and Pompey, was not because the one had iniu∣red the other, but for that Pompey had en∣uie of that great fortune of Caesars in fight∣ing, and Caesar of the great grace Pompey had in gouernment. Suetonius.

Themistocles beeing demaunded by one that met him, why hee was sad? aunswered, The sorrow that I haue, is for that in 22. yeeres since I was borne, I thinke not that I haue doone any thing worthy memory, because I see no man in all Athence beareth me enuie. Plutarch.

The Salamines buried theyr deade vvith theyr backes turned against the Agarenes, vvhich were theyr mortall enemies, shewing
Page  [unnumbered]
thereby, that their enmitie endured not on∣ly in time of theyr lyfe, but also vvhen they were dead.

Publius seeing Mutius (a dogged & enui∣ous man) sadder then hee was wont to be, sayd; Eyther some misfortune is befallen Mu∣tius, or else some good fortune to those that hee enuieth. Macrobius.

So mortall vvas the hatred betweene the two bretheren Eteocles and Polynices, that vvhen theyr bodyes (according to the cu∣stome of the Countrey) were burned, the flame parted in sunder, shewing therby that theyr enuie was not ended in death. Seneca.

Caligula was desirous of his ovvne ease, & yet hee was enuious to those that vvere at ease as well as he. Sueto.

He enuied Homer so much, that being de∣termined vpon a time to abolish the memo∣ry of him, he sayd, that hee might well haue as much power as Plato, to vveede him out of his Common-wealth. Suetonius.

Dyonisius the tyrant, to auoyd enuie, ad∣uaunced a man that was wicked, & greatly hated of the people, and beeing demaunded vvhy he did so, Because (quoth hee) I meant to haue a man in my Realme that shall bee more hated then my selfe.

Page  248
So mortall was the enuie between Themi∣stocles and Arestides, that Themistocles said to the Athenians, Except yee cast mee and A∣ristides out of the Citty, into the bottome of the sea, ye shall neuer haue a quiet Athence.

Alexander would not that Aristotle should publish those bookes which hee had read to him, because hee desired alone to passe all o∣thers in learning and feates of warre.

Alcibiades, to auoyde the ouer-great enuie of the people, & to turne aside the euill spee∣ches they had of him, cutte of the tayle of a dogge that he had bought very deere, and draue him thorow the Citty, to the intent hee might busie mens heades about talke of his dogge, and not about other matters.

Narsetes being an Egiptian borne, was ve∣ry much enuied of the Romaines, because he daily encreased in honour and riches.

Had not that which Carmenta or Nico∣strata the vvife of Euander writ of the warrs of Troy, beene at that tyme throught enuie throwne into the fire, the name of Homer had (without doubt) at thys day remayned obscure. Aurelius.

Viriatus a Spanyard, King of the Lusitani∣ans, and a great enemy to the Romaines, was so aduenturous in all hys vvarres, and
Page  [unnumbered]
valiant in person, that they, by the space of fifteene yeeres, could neuer haue victory of him; but when they saw by experience that he was inuinsible, through enuy they caused him to be poysoned.

