Vulturnus, a man in Astrology, profoundly learned, was banished by M. Antonius, be∣cause Cleopatra hated him.

Bestius, and Colla, Gentlemen of Rome,
Page  237
when they had boldly declared theyr seruice for the common-wealth, and reprehended the Senatours before they would be cast out by decree, voluntarily exiled themselues, Appian.

Sittius, was the first and onely man, that as a stranger, was an outlaw in his owne Coun∣try. Idem.

Of Death. Death is faigned of the Poets, to be the sister of Sleepe, both borne of their mother Night, a God∣desse impartiall and inexorable, as sparing none, and the Aegiptians by an Owle sitting vpon a tree signifie death. This all-killing power, trium∣phans cedit, and by death is ouercome.

EPaminondas, ready to giue vp the ghost, willed the poysoned shaft to bee pulled from his deadly wound, & whē it was giuen him to vnderstand, that his shield was found safe, and his enemies put to flight, he cheere∣fully departed out of this world. Cicero.

Gorgias Leontinus, being very sick, a frend of his demanded of him how he felt himselfe in body, he answered, Now Sleepe beginneth to deliuer me to the power of his brother Death.

Page  [unnumbered]
Asdrubals wife, the last Lady of Carthage▪ had the lyke end in death, as the first Lady Dido had, for she threw her selfe and her two sonnes into the fire.

Herod, because hee would make the Iewes sorry for his death, whether they would or no, dying, commanded to sley all the Noble mens children of Iury. Iosephus.

Vespasian ready to dye, stoode vp & sayd, It becommeth an Emperour to passe out of this world standing.

Calanus, an Indian Gymnosophist, when he had taken his long leaue of Alexander, pi∣led vp a bonfire in the suburbs of Babilon, of dry wood, of Cedar, Rosemary, Cypres, Mir∣tle, & Laurell, then he mounted the pile, the Sunne shining in his face, whose glorious beames he worshipped, then he gaue a token to the Lacedemonians, to kindle the fire, & stoutly and valiantly dyed.

Cercidas, an Arcadian, ready to dye, said to his companions, I am not loath to depart this life, for I hope to see and talke with Pythagoras among the Phylosophers, with Liuius among the Historiographers, with Orpheus among the Musitians, and with Homer among the Poets; which words as soone as he had vttered, hee gaue vp the ghost.

Page  238
Plato dying, thanked nature for three cau∣•es; the first, that he was borne a man, & not beast; the second, that hee was borne in Greece, and not in Barbary; the third, that •ee was borne in Socrates time, who taught •im to die well.

Antemon, was so desirous to liue, and so •earefull to dye, that scarse he would trauaile •broade, and compelled to goe, two of his •eruants bore ouer his head a great brazen Target, to defend him from any thing which might happen to hurt him.

Massinissa, King of Numidia, rather com∣mitted his estate and life vnto dogs then vn∣to men, as his gard to keepe and defend him from death.

Hector sayd to Andromache, Be not sorry for my death, for all men must die. Homer.

Polydamas, entering into a Caue to defend himselfe from the rayne, through the vio∣lence of the water, the Caue fell downe vpon him. Cicero.

Anacreons breath was stopped with a grape kernell, that stucke in his throate. Plinie.

Euripides, returning home from King Ar∣chelaus his supper, was torne in peeces of dogs. Gellius.

Aeschilus, sitting in a sunny place in Sicily,
Page  [unnumbered]
an Eagle flying ouer, taking his white bald head for a stone, strooke the shell of a Tor∣toyse which was in his bill against his head and dashed out his braine. Valerius.

Pyndarus, laying his head downe to sleep in the bosome of a boy whom he loued, neue• awaked. Suidas.

Ennius, would not haue his death lamen∣ted, because he was famous in his works, yet Solon would haue his death bewailed, & writ to put his friends in minde, Let my departure wayed be, & let my friends draw sighs for me.

Trophonius, and Agamedes, hauing built a sumptuous temple to Apollo of Delphos, begged the most profitable thing that might bee giuen to man, after the third day they were found dead. Cicero.

