Pope was so hated, that as he vvas going on Procession, diuers fell vpon him, and beate him from his horse, and stripping him out of his pontificall roabes, vvhypped him with •odds.

He made Charles Emperour vpon condi∣tion, that hee should sweare perpetuall ho∣mage and fealtie to the Church of Rome. Thys Leo dyed, ann. 816.

Stephen the fourth, considering that the prerogatiue which vvas giuen to Charles & his successors, might be a brideling to the sea of Rome, saide; that it vvas lawful for them to choose Popes without the Emperors au∣thoritie, but not to consecrate him vvithout the presence eyther of him, or his Embassa∣dors, he died, ruling but 8. months.

Paschal a Monck was chosen with the con∣sent of the Emperour, and Lodouicus Pius yeelded vp to him all his authority in the e∣lection of the Popes; this Pope dyed, anno. 824.

Eugenius the second, by his curteous be∣hauiour and eloquence, got the Popedome from Zizimus, who had it graunted him, he raigned 4. yeres, and as some write, his eyes were pulled out by the Romaines, others, by the Priests that hated him.

Page  [unnumbered]
Valentine the first, beeing a Decon, vvas made pope, he was a man of very quick wit, able to perswade, and diswade; some write that there was in him such excellent hope, that he vvould haue raigned in better order then the rest; he dyed the fourth day of hys raigne, and as it is supposed, he vvas poyso∣ned by some of the clergy.

Gregory the fourth, refused to take the popedome before he were confirmed by the Emperour Lewes and that hee had restored them their right againe; by his meanes hee draue the Moores out of Italy, hee procured tenths to be giuen to churches, and visited solemne erection of Sepulchers, hee dyed, ann. 843.

Sergius the second, was the first pope that renounced his christian name giuen in Bap∣tisme, and changed it, beeing called before, Swines snowt, and decreed that popes should change their names.

Leo the fourth, at Hostia gate ouercame the Sarazens when they had made a road in∣to Italy; hee first beganne (contrary to the counsell at Aquisgrane) to decke the popes Crosse vvith precious stones, & cōmaunded it to be carryed before him, he died, 854.

In his time, Ethelwoldus, beeing first a
Page  198
Monke of single life, hauing a dispensation •rom the pope, left his calling, and became King of England, making it tributary to the •ea of Rome.

Iohn the 8. borne at Mentz, beeing a vvo∣man was made Pope, her name was altered, and she was called Iohn English; shee sate in the pontificall seate at Rome, 2. yeeres & 6. months, her name at the first was Gilberta; vvho to inioy the company of a Monke whō she loued, trauailed with him in mans appar∣rell to Athence, where she profited in all the Sciences; then shee came to Rome, still dis∣guised, where for her learning she was much admired, & so made pope; but as some write, she was got with child by a Cardinall, & go∣ing on procession to Lateran church, she was by the way deliuered of a childe, and dyed of the trauaile in the same place.

Benedict the 3. beeing first tried vpon the Posphirie stoole, was made Pope, and dyed 859.

Nicholas the first, put downe Iohn, Arch∣bishoppe of Rauenna, for mayntayning the ancient liberty of his bishoprick, & brought that church into perpetuall bondage; he de∣creed that christian Magistrates should haue no authoritie ouer a Prelate; Because, sayde
Page  [unnumbered]
he, the Pope is called God; he first bound the Clergie to single life; and dyed, 867.

Hadrian the second, vvas by the people & the Clergie made Pope before the Empe∣rours Embassadors came; before this Pope dyed, in the yeere 873. it rained bloode 3. dayes at Brixia, and all the kingdome of Fraunce vvas miserably troubled vvith Lo∣custs. Alphredus king of England tooke his crowne of the Pope, and vvas annoynted, vvhich neuer any King of England did be∣fore, for vvhich hee was called the Popes a∣dopted sonne.

Iohn the 9. was excellently learned both in Greeke and Latine, hee crowned 3. Empe∣rours, Carolus Caluus, Carolus Balbus, and Carolus Crassus; he draue the Sarazens out of Italy and Sicilie, and died, 883.

At this time the Empire was translated frō the Frenchmen to the Germaines, by Caro∣lus Crassus.

Martin the second, a Frenchman, the son of a coniuring priest, by craft and ill Artes got the Popedome, at his election the Emperors authority was not looked for, nor demaun∣ded to his admission, he raigned about a yere and certaine months, & died, an. 884.

Hadrian the third, made a decree that the
Page  199
Emperours authority should no more take •lace in creating of popes, but that the voice of the Clergy and people of Rome shoulde •hoose them. He died suddenly. 888.

Stephen the 5, decreed that all the Canons of the Church of Rome, ought of necessitie •o be kept, and died, 892.

Formosus the first, being bishop of Portua, was chosen Pope, he raigned 6. yeres, his bo∣dy & bones was taken vp by Sergius the 3. the 9. pope after him, & throwne into the ri∣uer Tiber; after him, within 9. yeeres there were eleuen popes.

Boniface the 6. liued as pope but 25. daies, as Anselmus writeth, to bee remembred for nothing, but his quiet election, and happy in nothing, but in raigning so short a time.

Stephen the sixt, disanulled Formosus de∣crees, and cancelled his acts, hee caused hys carkasse to be taken vp, and put all the pon∣tificall rokes vpon it, and plucked them off againe, and then put lay mens apparrell vpon him, and cut off the two fingers of his right hand, with which he vsed to hold the Sacra∣ment, & throwing them into Tiber, he com∣maunded to bury his body againe, but not a∣mong spirituall but lay mens bodies, he died after he had raigned one yeere onely.
