
Martianus, after he had gouerned the Em∣pire 7 yeares, was poysoned at Constantino∣ple, by the treasons of Ardibure, and Aspar hys Father, beeing a vertuous and iust Prince.

Leo the first, ruled 17 yeares, he ouercame Aspar, whilst he gouerned in the East, there raigned with lawfull and vnlawfull tytles in Italy sixe or seauen Emperours; he dyed at Constantinople.

Leo, the Nephew of this Leo deceased, was obeyed as Emperour, but hee yeelded it to his Father Zeno, crowning him vvith hys own hands, and shortly after dyed, who ruled like a tyrant, and died when he had gouerned the Empire 18 yeares.

Anastasius raigned 27. yeares, and vvas slaine with a thunderbolt that fell from hea∣uen.

Page  [unnumbered]
Iustinus the first, ruled 11. yeares, and dy∣ing, adopted for Caesar his Nephew Iusti∣nian.

Iustinian, was a wise and iust Prince, most happy in two Captaines, Belizarius, & Nar∣ses; when he was old hee elected in the Em∣pire his Nephew Iustine, and dyed in the 39. yeare of his Empire.

Iustinus the 2, raigned 11. yeares, and dy∣ed of the gowte, but a little before he created Caesar, a Captaine called Tiberius.

Tiberius the 2, was a vertuous, iust, & mer∣cifull Prince, he raigned 7. yeares, and nomi∣nated Mauritius his sonne in law successour.

Mauritius was slaine by Phocas, with his wife, sonnes, and daughters; this punishment histories doe note, was for not redeeming the Christians, which being taken captiues, were in thraldome with an infidell Prince.

Phocas gouerned 7. yeares, and was slayne by Priscus, one of his Captaines; his leggs, armes, head, and priuities, were cut off, hee made the Bishop of Rome supreame head aboue all other Bishops, which Gregory the first discommended in Phocas: he tooke the Crosse of Christ from Ierusalem.

Heraclius brought againe the Crosse to Ie∣rusalem, he gouerned 30. yeares, in his time
Page  171
began the kingdome of Mahomet, Anno Do∣mini. 644.

Constantinus his sonne, was poysoned by his step-mother Martina, the first yeare of his raigne, to make her sonne Heraclionas Emperour, who raigned 2. yeares; the Se∣nate hauing knowledge of theyr trecherous dealings, cutte off the nose of Heraclionas, Martinaes tonge, and the Patriarchs, sending them all 3. into banishment.

Constans, the sonne of Constantius, was strangled in a bath at Syracusa, when he had raigned 27. yeares.

Constantinus Barbatus, made peace in the Empire of the East, and in the Church, & di∣ed when he had gouerned 17. yeares.

Iustinianus the 2, ruled 10. yeares before he was banished, and being restored 6. yeares more, many troubles befell him, for two flatterers by whom hee was ruled, the one Theodosius a Monke, whom his Subiects called General, the other Stephen his Chap∣laine, who determined all matters concer∣ning religion. Leontius the Patriarch hel∣ping him, was made Emperour, and cut off Iustinianus nose. Apsimarus expulsed him, and gouerned 7. yeares.

Iustinian, before mentioned, returned from
Page  [unnumbered]
Exile, ayded by the Bulgarians, and cut off the heads of Leontius and Apsimarus, & pul∣led out the eyes of Callinicus the Patriarch; in the end his Souldiours killed him and his sonne Tiberius, when they had taken them from a Sanctuary.

Philippus Bardanes ruled 2 yeres, he pul∣led downe Images in Churches, but Artemi∣us his Secretary, caused his eyes to be pul∣led out.

Artemius, otherwise called Anastatius, held his Empire 1 yeare and 3 moneths, he was deposed by Theodosius, who put himselfe into a monastry, when he had raigned 1 yere, fearing to be inuaded of Leo; but Artemius gathering an hoast out of Bulgaria, went a∣bout to recouer the Empire, but he was be∣trayed to Leo, who killed him.

Leo, sirnamed Iconomachus, that is, an as∣saulter of Images, raigned 26 yeres, he made an edict, that all Images in Churches should be pulled downe.

Constantinus Copronymus, so called, be∣cause at his baptisme hee defiled the Fount, was a great destroyer of Images, he dyed in in the 35 of his Empire.

Leo the 4, his sonne gouerned 5. yeares, and vvas crowned of the Patriarch in hys
Page  173
life time.

