
The Germaines are very curteous towards Aliens and Strangers, and it is an horrible act accounted amongst them, to molest those whom they ought to defend, frō any which intended to hurt them. Caesar.

The entertainment of the greater Scipio towards Massinissa, brought such profit to the Romains, as he of some writers, is called the third preseruer of the Citty of Rome frō destruction, and therfore is ioyned compani∣on with the elder and younger Scipio.

Lot, for his hospitality, escaped the fire o Sodom and Gomorrha.

Rahab, for her hospitality, was saued with all hers from death.

Elias restored from death, the Sonne of her which had lodged him.

Archelaus being requested by one of his Minions, to giue him a Cup of gold, wherein
Page  49
•e dranke, deliuered it to his page, and bidde •im giue it to Euripides, saying; Thou art •orthy to aske and to bee denyed, but Euripides worthy of gifts although hee aske not.

Marcus Antonius Emperour of Rome, af∣•er his great battailes, in one day gaue avvay hundred Lyons together; he made sale of •ll his plate and iewels, to augment his soul∣•iours pay. Eutropius.

The priuiledges belonging to hospitality, •re so great, as the Romaines obserued the •ites thereof to theyr enemies, and vvoulde •euer fight till such time as the prisoners to •hom they were indebted for meat, were set •t liberty.

Iupiter was called of Homer and Virgil, Hospitalis, the Harbourer.

The Almaines made so great account of those with whom they had eaten and drunk, that they imparted their houses vnto them.

The Lucans had a lawe which condemned that man to be fined, which suffered a stran∣ger to passe vnlodged after the sunne vvas downe.

Scipio being blamed for his great bounty, •unswered, That Treasurers & receiuers were to make account of mony, and Captaines of feats of Armes.

Page  [unnumbered]
Valerius Publicola, for relieuing the poor• with his goods, was called Publicola.

Nerua Cocceius in the one yeere that hee was Emperour, gaue vnto the poore fifteene hundred thousand crownes; for the dooing whereof he sold his iewels and his plate.

Tullus Hostilius King of the Romans, was so pittifully minded, that hee gaue a great part of his goods to the poore.

Philemon and Baucis, for theyr entertay∣ning of Iupiter and Mercurie into their cot∣tage vvhen the inhabitants of Phrygia deni∣ed them hospitalitie, had theyr wishes gran∣ted, that they might dye both together. O∣uid. lib. 8.

There was a law made by King Cyrus, that what King soeuer of Persia did come vnto Babylon, he should giue a peece of gold vn∣to euery poore vvoman in the citty, for the which cause, King Othus vvoulde neuer come thither.

Pompey being sicke in Pusoll, his Physiti∣ons told him, that his remedy was to eate of certaine Zorzales that the Consull Lucullus did breede; but he aunswered; I will rather die then send to craue them, for the Gods haue not created Pompey to aske, but to giue. Plu∣tarch.

Page  50
Pompey flying into Egypt for succour to •tolomy, then very young, was betrayed •y Phocinus and Achillas. Plut.

Othosilanus, to winne the loue of his men •f VVarre, made a feast vnto them, & gaue 〈◊〉 euery warrier a peece of money, besides ••ndry other rewards.

Lycaon caused those stranger-guests that •ame to him to be slaine, for which cause Iu∣piter turned him into a VVolfe. Ouid.

Busiris did the like, and therefore hee vvas •illed of Hercules.

Moneses a noble Parthian, fled to Antho∣•ie from his cruell King, who comparing his •isery to Themistocles, and his felicitie to Xerxes, gaue him three Citties, as Xerxes •id to Themistocles, for his bread, drinke, & •eate, and as some write, two more for hys •odging and apparrell. Appian.
