Aristodemus, King of the Messenians, hea∣ring dogs howle like vvolues, & vnderstan∣ding by his South-sayers, that it was an euill signe, slew himselfe.

The picture of Fortune, at Tusculane, ap∣peared vnto Galba, lamenting that hee had offered and consecrated the money which she had giuen him a little before, to Venus, & therfore with bitter words shee threatned to take it from him againe, for shortly after he was murdered by the Souldiours of Otho.

There appeared to Hercules two maydens, diuersly apparailed of diuers nature, the one plaine and simple, the other gorgiously dec∣ked; Vertue, and Pleasure. Cicero.

Triton, appeared vnto Caesar, standing in a
Page  [unnumbered]
maze at the Riuer Rubrico, in Italy, who ta∣king a trumpet from one of his Souldiours, leapt into the Riuer, whom Caesar and all his army followed. Suetonius.

Tacitus, when it was told him that his Fa∣thers graue opened of it selfe, knew well that he should shortly die, and made himselfe rea∣dy for it. Vopiscus.

There appeared to one Pertinax, three days before hee was slaine by a thrust, a certaine shadow in one of his fish-ponds, with a na∣ked sword, threatning to kil him. Capitolinus.

An Horse-man appeared to Machabeus, shaking his speare, to signifie the famous vic∣tory he should obtaine.

Alexander dreamed, that Hercules reached his hand to him out of a wall, promising him to helpe him in his warres.

Caesar dreamed, that hee lay with his mo∣ther, which the South-sayers interpreting, the earth to be his mother, sayde, That hee should be conquerour of the world.

Mydas, being an Infant in his cradle, Ants were seene to carry graines and victualls to feede him, vvhich the South-sayers signifi∣ed, that hee should be the wealthiest man in the world,

Socrates dreamed, that hee held fast in his
Page  159
hand a young Swan, which fled from him a∣way, and mounted the skyes, whose sweete voyce as a wonderfull harmony, replenished the heauens; this was Plato his Scholler.

Brutus, fighting against Augustus, & An∣tonius, saw two Eagles fighting together, the one comming from Caesars tent, the other from his own, whē his Eagle was vanquished, he knew he should be ouercome. Plut.

Cicero, vnderstoode that his death was at hand, when a Rauen helde him fast by the hemme of the gowne, making a noyse, vntill the Souldiers of M. Antonius, Herennius, & Popilius, had beheaded him. Plut.

Iulian, dreamed according to the opinion of Pythagoras & Plato, that by the transmi∣gration of soules frō one body into another, the soule of Alexander was crept into his bo∣dy, or that he was Alexander himselfe in an other body. Eusebius.

The Princes of Greece were certified by a Dragon, that climed a tree, where he killed a she Sparrow, & eight young ones, that they should hold wars with the Troians 9. yeares, and in the 10. should ouercome it. Homer.

Alexander, by a vision was warned to take heede of Antipater, who poysoned him.

VVhē Caesar was murdered, an Oxe yoked
Page  [unnumbered]
for the plough spake, That not onelie Co•• shoulde want, but men also should perris• and therefore was vrged in vayne to labour▪ Liuius.

VVhen Nero began his Empire, trees, pa∣stures, and meddowes, changed places one with another. Tacitus.

Before the destruction of Ierusalem by Ve•spasian, a starre appeared in maner of a sword in the skie, Chariots were seene running vp and down in the firmament, and men in har∣nes fighting in the clouds. Iosephus.

A South-sayer forwarned Anthony of Au∣gustus familiarity, saying, VVhat doe you so neere this young man? seperate your selfe from him, your fame is greater then his, you com∣maund more then he, you haue greater experi∣ence, but your familier spirit feareth his, and your fortune which of it selfe is great, flattereth his, and if you sequester not your selfe from him, she will leaue you, and goe to him.

South-saying was first practised in Hetru∣ria, where a husbandman ploughing in the field Tarqumen, a certaine man sprung vp from the ground named Tages, in face much like a young child, but in wisedome far sur∣mounting any Phylosopher, he taught all the Land of Hetruria. Cic. de diuin.

Page  160
Thermute, the daughter of Pharao, who brought vp Moses, one day gaue him into her Fathers armes to play with all, & for the loue hee beare to her, hee put his Diadem vpon Moses, which he presently tooke off, casting •t vpon the ground, the Astrologers that cast his natiuity, sayde, O King, this is the childe whom God hath giuen vs to kill, for vndoubtedly •e will be the ouerthrow of our kingdome. Io∣sephus.
