
Gregory the great, a Romaine, of a Monk and a Deacon, was made Bishop, he was the best of all the chiefe Romaine Patriarks, for good life and doctrine; he turned his parents houses into monastries, & dedicated the first of them to Saint Andrew the Apostle, he ap∣poynted chaunters for the day and night, he solemnized the feast of the purification of our blessed Lady with waxe candles (wherof
Page  193
〈◊〉 is called Candlemas day, hee builded sixe Monasteries of his owne cost in Sicilia, and •edicated Agathais Church, hee was the first •hat gaue pardons vppon certaine dayes, to •uch as came to Church.

He gaue stipends to three thousand maids, •ee allowed by decree the first 5. Counsells, •nd that the last will and tastament of euery man should be ratified, hee sent Augustine a Moncke to reclaime the English Saxons to •he church of Rome, hee remoued the right of the Archbishopricke from London, and •ranslated it to Canterburie.

In his tyme, Iohn, Patriarch of Constanti∣nople, by the consent of Mauritius, vvould needes bee called the vniuersall Bishop, but Gregory would not agree to it.

Hee, (though otherwise learned and god∣•y) burdened the Church & the religion of God, with more ceremonies then had the Iewes; he writ Homilies, & expounded the most part of the Bible, & professed himselfe in his writings Seruus seruorum Dei, seruaunt to Gods seruaunts, shewing thereby, hovve farre he was from ambition; thys title hys successors continue.

He first commaunded Priests to single life, but vvhen hee sawe the inconueniences that
Page  [unnumbered]
came thereby, vvith sorrow and repentance he reuoked that. Caron.

Sabirianus a Thuscane, for the hate he ba•• to his predecessor, after that hee had publi∣shed certaine slaunders against him, cōman∣ded that his bookes should bee burned, thy• was the last of the Romaine Patriarchs, be dyed, an. 606.

Boniface the third, obtained the suprema∣cie of Phocas, an. 607. vvho murdered his Lord and Maister Mauritius, his wife and chyldren; since which time, they neuer cea∣sed to augment theyr dignitie and power. In his decrees he writ, VVe will and commaund, he died, not enioying his rule one yeere.

Boniface the fourth, obtained of Phocas the Emperour, that the Church of Rome called Pantheon, which the heathen had de∣dicated to their gods, should bee translated to the seruice of Christ, & called Alhallowes Church.

Theodatus, deuised a new-found alliance betweene the God-father and the God-daughter, and between the God-mother, & the god-sonne, calling it spiritual consangui∣nitie, and therefore commaunded that they should not marry together; hee dyed in the third yeere of his popedome.

Page  194
Boniface the 5. appoynted holy places & sanctuaries for theeues, murderers, & levvd persons, he sate in the sea 5. yeeres.

Honorius, borne in Campania, is commen∣ded for his diligence and care in building of Churches, in his time Mahomet began to spread his religion in Turkie. He died, con∣tinuing in his Popedome eleuen yeeres.

Zepherinus the 2, was confirmed pope, in the name of Heraclius the Emperor, by Isa∣cius his Lieuetenant in Italy, who brake into the Church treasury, & tooke avvay the ri∣ches therof; at this time the Zarazens wone from the Romains diuers kingdoms, by rea∣son of Mahomets power. Zepherinus dyed ann. 636.

Iohn the 4. died, ruling scarce 2. yeeres.

Theodorus the first, a Grecian, builded many Churches in Rome, & golden shrines for Saints, he forbid that mariage made after a single vow should be broken, hee depriued Pyrrhus byshop of Constantinople for he∣resie, and dyed, 646.

Martin the 1. cōmaunded Priests to shaue theyr heads, he deposed Paule, Patriarch of Cōstantinople, who being bound in chaines, was brought to Constantinople by the Em∣peror Cōstantinus, where he died miserably;
Page  [unnumbered]
this Pope dyed, an. 656.

Eugenius the first, was much commended for the gouernment of his life, hee first de∣creed that Bishops shoulde haue prisons for the punishment of theyr Priests. 662.

Vitellianus was an excellent Musitian, and brought singing & Organs into the church, he died 669.

Theodatus the second, a Romaine, of a Monke was made Pope, he died, 675.

Donus the first, beautified Saint Peters Church with pillars, and made subiect to Rome, the Church of Rauenna, Theodotus the Archbishop thereof agreeing thereto, which Church was called Alliocephalis, hee dyed, an. 679.

Agatho the first, commaunded the Popes decrees should be esteemed for as canonicall and authenticall as the vvritings of the Apo∣stles, he died of the pestilence, an. 684.

Leo the second, was a very learned Monk, and skilfull in musick, hee died in the ende of his tenth month. 685.

