VVhen the Armie of the Germaines vvas vanquished by Marius, theyr vvemen not obtayning to liue free in Rome, in seruice with the Vestals, killed themselues and their chidren.

Portia the wife of Brutus, and daughter of Cato, when she heard that they both vvere deade, beeing carefully watched of her ser∣uants, tooke the fire from the harth & swal∣lowed the coales. Appian.

The wemen of India are so couragious and bold, that they dare leape into the fire with the dead bodies of theyr husbands.

Alexandra, wife to Alexander, was Bishop
Page  [unnumbered]
in Iurie nine yeers.

Antiochus King of Siria, had a seruant cal∣led Arteon, so like him of face and person, that when King Antiochus dyed, the Queen Laodicea his wife dissembled the matter, vn∣till shee of her owne decree, had made ano∣ther King in Syria.

Zenobia Queene of the Palmerins, beeing very well learned in the Greeke, Latine, and Egiptian tongues, taught them to her tvvo sonnes, and wrote an Epitome of the Easterne Histories.

Chrisostome made a sermon against all we∣men, because Eudoxia the Emperour Arca∣dius wife, had bolstered Epiphanius against him; he mocked at her picture, for vvhich cause, she endeuoured to banish him againe, vvhereof he vnderstanding, made a notable Sermon with this beginning, Herodias rageth a fresh, stomaketh a new, daunceth againe, see∣keth as yet the head of Iohn Baptist. Euseb.

In the war that Conradus a Germane Em∣perour had with the Ca•ulies, hee tooke the Castle and Towne of VVeimsburge; then the Emperour commaunded to take all the Gentlemen, but the Gentlevvomen should be let goe with as much goods as they could carry, but they forsaking their goods, carried
Page  104
away their children, which the Emperour hearing of, commended their vertue, and gaue thē likewise leaue to take their goods.

The Romans had a law, that what soeuer a vvoman with childe longed for, shee should haue it, the cause was, for that Fuluius, Tor∣quatus wife, longed to see a vvilde man that passed by her doore, whom the Knights of Mauritania had taken in hunting, in the de∣serts of Egypt, and not seeing him, she dyed. Aurelius.

VVhen the Romans vpon a certaine vva∣ger, dyd send from the vvarres to Rome, to vnderstand what euery mans vvife dyd at home, amongst them all, the most praysed, was the chast Lucrecia; for that shee onelie was founde vveauing, and all the rest idle. Liuius.

Assiria cōplaineth of the scandall of Semy∣ramis, Armenia for Pincia, Greece for He∣lena, Rome for Agrippina.

In the societie of the Druides of Fraunce, vvere very many learned wemen, of vvhom the Romaine Emperour Aurelian did aske counsaile. Vopiscus.

The greatest part of Asia was conquered & gouerned, more by the wemen Amazons, then with any barbarous people. P. Diaco.

Page  [unnumbered]
Porus king of India, for want of men, and too many wemen, was ouercome of Alexan∣der. Curtius.

Haniball was alwayes Lorde of Italie, vntill hee suffered vvemen to goe to the vvarres vvith him, and vvhen hee fell in loue vvith Tamyra at Capua, hee immediatly turned his backe to Rome.

Sylla, in the warres against Mithridates and Marius, & in the warres of the Cimbres, had ouer his enemies so many victories, because in his Campe he suffered no vvemen.

Liuia Fuluia, tolde her husband, that vn∣lesse shee might lye out of his house one night, he should neuer haue any quietnesse with her. Aurelius.

Rotorra compounded with a Pirate on the sea, that no woman for 2. yeres should serue his hundred souldiers but she alone. Idem.

Semyramis, vvhen shee had (through her importancie) obtayned of her husband Ni∣nus, the gouernment of the kingdome for fiue dayes, & that his nobles should for that time obey her, shee caused her husband to bee presently apprehended and cast in pry∣son; vvho impatient of this disgrace, dashed out his owne braines.

Amongst the Amazons were two principal
Page  105
Queenes chosen from them all, that both at home and abroad their affaires might be wel marshalled; Lampedo gouerned at home, Marpesia fought their battailes.

Clytemnestra, the wife of Agamemnon, to reuenge an iniury receaued frō her husband, cōmitted adultry with Aegisthus, and after∣ward consented to his death. Eurip.

Fuluia, the widdow of M. Marcellus, seeing her husband buried in the field of Mars, for griefe scratched her face, tore her haire, and fell downe into a sownd, whom the Senators tooke vp, but Cn. Flauius sayd, Let her goe, for she will doe all the penance of widdowes; but presently, whilst the bones of her husband were a burning, she agreed to be married to another, and more, to one of the Senatours which had lifted her vp.
