Of this warre, came the fable of the warres of the Giants.

Page  142
Saturne forwarned by the Oracle, to take •eede of Iupiter his sonne, for that hee had ••tention to kill him, and expulse him his •ingdome, deuised to destroy him; who vn∣•erstanding his cōspiracies, came with a great •rmy and vanquished his Father.

Saturne fled into Italy, and there taught the people to plant and sow, and manure theyr earth, in recompence whereof (hauing liued before with roots and wild fruits) they hono∣red him as a God.

Iupiter maried his sister Iuno, and conquered many Countries, not so much by power as pollicy, and for his wisedome, ordayning of lawes, inuention of arts, profitable for mans life, he was worshipped as a God, to whom those Princes he ouercame, erected temples thereto inioyned by him, for the better esta∣blishment of his deuine honour.

The brethren of Iupiter, Neptunus and Plu∣to, summoned him to partition of his patri∣mony, where-vnto he agreed, and deuiding the kingdome by lot, the vvest part fell to Pluto; the Iles and banks of the Sea happe∣ned to the portion of Neptune, and to Iupi∣te• all the confines of the East.

Of this partition sprung the fiction of the Poets, calling Neptune, the God of the Seas,
Page  [unnumbered]
and Pluto God infernall, or dis pater, for that the vvest or falling of the sunne, is more dark and cloudy, and more base and low then the East.

Heere grew also the first fiction that Iupi∣ter chased his Father into hell, for that Italy where Saturne was retired, standeth vvest, in respect of Candia, and is more darke.

The Poets faigned, that the firmament or heauen, fell to the part of Iupiter, the rather for that hee remayned for the most part since that partition in the mount Olympus in Thesalia, vvhich the Greekes called hea∣uen.

Iuno, the daughter of Saturne, vvas the si∣ster and wife of Iupiter, borne at Argos, some write at Samos, the Goddesse of marriage, and therefore called Pronuba, likewise Lucina for child-birth, the Queene of riches and honour, to whom the Pecocke is consecra∣ted.

Vulcanus, was the God of fire, and sonne of Iuno, vvhom Iupiter for his deformity cast from heauen into Lemnos, where he was ho∣noured.

Mars, was faigned to be the God of warre, and Iunoes sonne without the company of man, he was also vvorshipped in Lemnos.

Page  143
Apollo, the God of vvisedome, Musicke, Phisicke, Poetry, and Shooting, was borne of Iupiter and Latona, & brother to Diana, he •s called in heauen Sol, in earth Liber pater, i••ell Apollo; he was worshipped at Delphos, and renowned for his Oracles.

Venus, vvyfe of Vulcan, is faigned to bee borne of the froth of the Sea, the Goddesse of loue, beauty, and all sensuall delights, she was adored in Cyprus.

Cupid, the sonne of Venus, was paynted na∣ked, winged, blind, in his hand a bowe, and at his backe a Quiuer of arrowes, his com∣panions are Dronkennesse, Sloth, Luxury, Strife, Hate, and VVarre; he was worship∣ped for the God of Loue.

Mercurie, vvas the Sonne of Iupiter, and Maia, the God of eloquence and merchan∣dize, and the messenger of the Gods, hol∣ding a Caduceus in his hand.

Dionysius, otherwise called Bacchus, for that hee shewed the Indeans the vse of Grapes, was honoured for a God.

Ceres, first taught men hovve to plough, sovve, reape, and grinde theyr Corne, and therefore they helde her a Goddesse. Pli∣nie.

Diana, for her chast lyfe, vvas honou∣red
Page  [unnumbered]
for a Goddesse, she continually exerc••sed her selfe in hunting wild beasts, in hea•uen she is called Luna, in earth Diana, in he•Proserpina.

Aeolus, was faigned by the Poets, to be th• God of the winds, because the cloudes an• mists rising about the 7. Aeolian Ilands, 〈◊〉 whom hee was King, did alwayes porten• great store of winds.

Pallas, was the Goddesse of wisedome, an• all good Arts and Sciences, borne of Iupite•• braine without a mother.

Nemesis, the daughter of Oceanus and Nox, called also Adrastea, was the Goddesse of re∣uenge.

Berecynthia, Rhea, Tellus, Vesta, or Cybile, was the mother of the Gods.

