Leo was the Nemean Lyon, whom Hercul•• slew, and Ioue placed in heauen to grace hi• Sonne.

Virgo the Poets faine to be Iustice, vvh•• forsaking earth flew to heauen, enforced b• the wickednes of men.

Libra are the ballance of Iustice, wheret• she wayed the vnequall actions of mens dis•ordered lyfes.

Scorpio was made a signe for killing Ori•• with his sting, who proudly boasted, that th• earth bred no monster, but he could subdue

Sagitarius is Crocus, the sonne of Euth••mia, that nursed the Muses, who sucked tha• milke the Muses left, whom at their reque••Iupiter made a signe.

Capricornus was the disguised shape of Pa• the God of sheepheards, halfe fish and half Goate, when the Gyant Typhon warred a•gainst the Gods, which when the wars wer•
Page  10
ended, Iupiter placed among the starres.

Aquarius is Ganymedes of Troy, vvhom Iupiter caused his Eagle to fetch to bee his ••ge.

Pisces are those fishes, that vvhen Venus and Cupid sporting themselues by Euphra∣•es, were compassed by the great Gyant Ti∣phon, for feare of him tooke the Riuer, and were sustained by them whom she changed to starres.

These stars following, are of the Southerne climate.

The VVhale is placed next to the signes, which should haue deuoured Andromeda.

Orion was the sonne of Hyreus, who enter∣tained Iupiter, Neptune, and Mercury, as they trauailed, who desired of them a Sonne, who after his death was thus metamorphized.

Eridanus or Padus, the Riuer wherein Pha∣ethon was drowned, which for quenching of that flame, is among the starres.

The Hare is at his feete vvith two fierce dogges pursuing it, this fearefull beast Phae∣thon delighted in, when he liued.

Iasons shippe in the which hee brought to Colchos, the golden fleece was placed next to Orion.

The Crow was so changed by Apollo, and
Page  [unnumbered]
the Cup likewise, with Hydra the Serpen• told him, kept him from the vvell, whethe• he was sent with the Cup for water.

Centaurus called Chiron the Schoolemaiste• of Esculapius, Achilles, and Hercules, was b• the Gods stellified.

The VVoolfe was placed next to him, an• an Altar, holding the Sacrifice in his hand• ready to offer, signifying his deuotion.

The wheele whereon Ixion was tortured for offering dalliance to Iuno.

The Southerne fish is called Venus daugh•ter, so transformed in the Sea.

Of Religion. From the beginning of the creation of th• world, Abell and Cain did religiously sacrifice• God, but Enoch was the first that set downes what manner he should be called vpon.

THE auntient Romaines through the in•stinct of nature onely, did so reuerenth think of Religion, that they sent theyr chi••dren, and the most noble men of Rome the• Sonnes into Hetruria, to learne the mann•• of seruing God. Liuius.

They had neuer any greater meanes to ex∣tend
Page  11
the borders of theyr Empire, and the glory of their famous Acts ouer all the earth, then Religion. Polybius.

