King Xerxes, when he saw that Ochus lay in waite for his brethren to put thē to death, died for griefe thereof.

Plantius the Numidian, looking vpon hys dead wife, tooke such griefe to his hart, that casting himselfe vpon the dead body, he rose no more, but was stifled vvith sorrow.

Diodorus the Logitian, dyed for sorrovve, because he was not able to aunswer the que∣stions of Stilpo. Laertius.

Page  [unnumbered]
M. Coriolanus being banished Rome, be∣came enemy to her, but his mother Veturia comming vnto him, & vpbraiding him with his fault, he found his error, layd dovvne his armes, went out of the field, and dyed vvith greefe of minde. Liuius.

Homer dyed with suddaine sorrovve, be∣cause he could not aunswer a question which a Fisherman propounded vnto him. Plu.

The Romaine Matrons bewailed the death of Brutus one whole yeere, as a cheefe de∣fender of theyr chastities. Eutrop.

Torquatus the younger, being banished frō his Fathers house, for greefe thereof slevve himselfe.

There was great contention betweene So∣phocles and Aeschilus about versifying, in which (by the iudgement of those that were present) Sophocles was pre•erred, vvhich Aeschilus tooke so greeuously, that he fledde forthwith into Sicilia, where hee lyued ob∣scu•ely, and in the end died miserably.

The lyke is written of Calchas a Soothsay∣er at his returne from Troy, being ouercom of Mopsus, one of his owne profession. Ho∣mer.

Niceratus, for that Antimachus verses vvritten in the prayse of Lisander, vvere
Page  119
by him more esteemed then his, (although by iudgement of the learned Niceratus were better) hee was so greeued that hee forsooke his studies, but Plato by counsell turned his minde, and of a dissolute, made him a dili∣gent studient in Poetry.

Themistocles mother, for very griefe con∣ceiued, that her sonne in his youth vvas gy∣uen to all kinde of vvickednesse, hanged her selfe.

P. Rutilius, vvhen hee heard that his Bro∣ther desiring to be made a Consul in Rome, had taken the repulse, for very angush of minde, dyed.

By the lawes of the twelue tables of Rome, all sorrovve and vveeping at funeralls vvas forbidden.

Lepidus, by a long griefe conceiued of the misbehauiour of his vvife, shortned his own dayes.

Dioxippus before Alexander, onely vvith a club challenged Corrhagus beeing all ar∣med, to enter combat with him; vvhen •ee had smitten Corrhagus speare out of his hand, hee closed vvith him, and laying fast hold vpon his armour, hee threw him down, then sette his foote vpon his necke, and go∣red him through the body with his svvord;
Page  [unnumbered]
for vvhich acte Alexander hated him, wher∣vpon, Dioxippus tooke inward thought, & gaue such scope vnto inward force of fanta∣sie, that hee pyned and consumed away with griefe of minde.

Timanthes, when hee had finished the pic∣ture of Iphigenia in colours, set foorth Cal∣chas to bee sorrowfull for the same, but Vlis∣ses more sad; and to make her Father Aga∣memnon seeme most sorrowfull, he painted him with his face couered.

The Poets faine Prometheus to bee tyed vpon the top of the Mountaine Caucasus, & an Eagle to be gnawing of his hart, whereby they signifie no other thing, but the great sadnes of Prometheus, gotten by contempla∣ting the starres and Planets.

The poesie of the Pythagorians vvas, The hart should not be eaten.

Caesar neuer feared Anthony & Dolobel∣la, or any other that was of a merry counte∣naunce, but rather doubted sadde & mellan∣cholie persons, such as Brutus and Cassius vvas.

Crassus was called Gelastos, for that he was once seene to laugh in his life.

Anaxagoras Clazomenius, vvas noted that hee neuer was seene to laugh or smyle from
Page  120
the day of his byrth.

Aristoxenus did vvonderfully bridle him∣selfe from laughter.
