
Ptolomey write a booke called Almagest; an excellent worke contayning the greatnes of the earth, heauen, moone, and starres.

Plato beeing requested by his schollers to
Page  133
speake some-what of good intendment and memory; sayd, That he had no more learned, saue as much as he that felt himselfe like vnto a vessel, that day and night, is all voyd & empty.

Arcesilas the Phylosopher, woulde neyther learne himselfe, nor suffer others to learne.

The Hymne of Orpheus to Musaeus, is called his Testament and last doctrine, wher∣vnto he would haue men to sticke.

Amongst the Greekes and the Latines, ne∣uer any vvas more learned thē Marcus Var∣ro. Lactan.

The auncient Academies of Greece, were the nurseries of all Common-wealths, and out of them (as frō the Troyan horse) came forth most excellent Kings, singuler Cap∣taines and Gouernours. Grynaldus.

VVhen Paulus Aemilius was to encounter with Perses, and that his Armie was sore dis∣maied at the ecclips of the Moone vvhich then happened; Sulpitius Gallus incoura∣ged them by his learning, in that hee assured thē of victory, by his knowledge in the Ma∣thematicall Sciences.

By the lyke knowledge Archimedes defen∣ded the Cittie of Syracusa from the furie of Marcellus.

Alexander the great, had in a manner as
Page  [unnumbered]
great a company of learned men in his Army as vvarriours. Plutarch.

VVhen Varro was condemned to die, An∣thony pardoned him, saying; Vinat Varro, vi••doctissimus.

Lysander, in rewarde of a fewe verses, gaue vnto the Poet Antiochus, his hat full of sil∣uer.

Alphonso, gaue 500. Duccats to Pogio of Florence, for translating out of Greeke into Latine Xenophon his Cyropedia, albeit that it was translated before.

Iulius Caesar made many and sumptuous Libraries, and gaue M. Varro a commissi∣on throughout the dominions of Rome, to prouide workes of the best learned to furnish them. Appian.

Ptolomy, hauing set vp a most sumptuous Library in Alexandria, furnished the same vvith more then seauen hundred thousand bookes. Vitruuius.

He likewise caused 72. Interpreters of the most learned and religious men of Iudea, to come & translate the holy Bible out of He∣brew into Greeke.

Asronius the Phylosopher, being demaun∣ded what it was that he knew, sayd, To speake well, and being demaunded againe vvhat he
Page  134
•ad learned, hee aunswered, To speake well; •nd beeing asked the third time vvhat hee •aught, he said, To speake well. Sabel.

Aspasia was much read in Phylosophie, she •aught Rhetorique, & was Pericles teacher, •nd afterward his wife. Plutarch.

A Greeke Embassadour and a Romaine, were at vvordes in the Senate of the Rhodi∣•us, the Grecian sayd, Romaine it is true, that you are aduenturous in Armes, but for all that, •nable in Sciences, for the women of Greece know more in Letters, then the men of Rome in weapons. Vpon these vvords grew the mor∣tall vvarres betweene Rome & Carthage, a∣bout the possession of Sicilie.

The Romaines and the Grecians ready to defie one another, the Rhodians came in the midst, and perswaded both that this iniurie should not bee determined with vveapons, but argued with vvomens disputation. Af∣terwards assembled at Rhodes tenne Greci∣ans, and tenne Romaine vvomen, all veri• vvell learned, vvhich in theyr chaires, suc∣cessiuely read certaine Lessons, and after∣tervvardes held disputation one against the other. Eutropius.

The Greekes spake very high thinges, not so profound, but with an excellent stile, they
Page  [unnumbered]
vvere very wel pleased to heare the Romai• vvomen, and the Romaines astonished t• heare the Greekes; Vpon this occasion, th• Rhodians crowned euery one of them vvit• a crowne of Laurell as vanquishers, & iud•ged that in graue sentēces the Grecians had the best, & in eloquent speech the Romains had the victory. Idem.

The Romaine vvomen returned to Rome, & the Grecians to Greece, where they were receiued with such tryumph, as if they had wonne a battaile; the Rhodians for memo∣ry of these women (in place of disputations) set vp twenty high pyllers, in euery one of the which were the names of the VVomen, vvhich were so sumptuous a building, that none in Rhodes was comparable vnto it ex∣cept the Coloslus. Idem.
