
Page  [unnumbered]
Clisiphus was called the coūterfait of King Phillip, because when the king was merry, he was merry, and whatsoeuer the King tooke in hand, this flatterer would maintaine.

Aristippus coulde better please Dionisius with flattery, then Dion the Syracusian could pleasure him with truth.

Curio the Parasite, might perswade Caesar to doe any thing.

One subtile flattering Sinō, did that which tenne yeeres siege could not effect, namely, the destruction of Troy. Virgil.

Dionisius sent vnto Philoxenes the Poet, a Tragedy of his owne making, that hee might reade and correct it, which hee returned all blotted and rased from the beginning to the end, because hee found it in no respect vvor∣thy to be published, so farre vvas hee from flattering him.

Augustus so hated flattery, that hee could not abide the kneeling of his housholde ser∣uaunts.

Tiberius woulde not suffer his seruaunts to call him Lord.

Alexander, when his Parasites perswaded him to thinke himselfe a God, sayd, That by two things especially, he knew himselfe to be a man and no God, namely, by sleepe, and
Page  130
carnall motions. Plutarch.

In the hindermost part of Spaine, vvhen those of Siuill had war vvith the Gaditanes, it chanced that euen in the midst of the time, those of Siuill vvanted mony, and two Pa∣rasites offered themselues for two yeeres to sustaine the vvarres vvith their own proper charges. Aurelius.

The Emperour Aurelius, neuer dranke o∣ther then red vvine, vvhich Torquatus per∣ceiuing, refrained from drinking of VVhite∣vvine, and planted all his Vines vvith redde Grapes; for vvhich he made him Consul of Rome. Gueuara.

The Emperour Sigismond, strooke one that praysed him too much: saying that hee bitte him.

The flattering followers of Sylla, sette vp his image of gold on horse-back in the com∣mon pallace at Rome, vvith this title, Cor∣nelius Sylla, the happy Captaine; which name beginning of flattery, remained firme and stable. Appian.

Antigonus sayde vnto a Poet vvho called him a God, (therby noting his flattery) that the Groome of his stoole, knewe there was no such matter.

Aristotles auditors coūterfeited his stame∣ring,
Page  [unnumbered]
Alexanders followers, his double chinne, & shrilnes of speech, & the schollers of Ennius his drunkennesse.

Flatterers, as the Italians say, trauaile be∣tweene Lodi and Placentia, but neuer come at Verona.

Aristippus suing to Dionisius for a friende of his, and beeing once denied, fell downe be∣fore his feete, for the which hee was repro•∣ued, but he thus excused it, saying; I am not in the faulte, but Dionisius, who hath eares on his feete.

VVhen the flatterers of Dionisius percei∣ued that hee held Plato in great estimation, they then counterfaited the countenaunce and habite of Philosophers, but after that by theyr meanes Plato was expelled, they re∣turned to theyr former wicked course of ly∣uing. Plut.

Platoes schollers, for asmuch as theyr Mai∣ster had a broade breast and high shoulders, and vvas therefore named Plato, which sig∣nifieth broade, they stuffed theyr garments, and vvore vppon theyr shoulders great bol∣sters, to the end they might seeme to bee of the like forme that he vvas.

Carneades the Phylosopher sayde, that the sonnes of noble men learned nothing vvell
Page  131
but to ride; for whilst they learned letters, theyr Maisters flattered them, praysing eue∣ry word they spake, and in vvrastling, theyr Teachers & companions, submitting them∣selues, fell downe at theyr feete, but the horse not knovving who rideth him, if he sitte not surely, will cast him quickly. Laertius.

Alexander sayd, that he loued better the i∣dolatry of Hephestion, then the sincerity of Clitus.

Phocion sayde to King Antipater, that hee could not haue him both for his friende and flatterer.

