IN Persia, Lacedemonia, and sundry o∣ther Prouinces, the Princes and the No∣bilitie, had alvvayes a special regard to com∣mit the education of theyr chyldren to such men of learning, as might instruct them in matters of vvisedome, whereby they might proue profitable to their c•untry.

Lycurgus, to prooue that education could alter nature, brought vp two whelps which had both one Damme, the one to hunt, the other to keepe house, and afterward, to try the conclusion, he sette downe before them
Page  [unnumbered]
an Hare and a pot of pottage, the one fell t• the pottage, the other ranne after the Hare Aelianus.

Socrates and Themistocles were both by nature vicious, but by education vertuous, the one made a perfect man by Phylosophy, the other by the example of Miltiades.

M. Portius Cato, would needs be Schoole∣maister to his owne children, which institu∣tion did much auaile them, not so much be∣cause he was Cato, as that hee was their Fa∣ther. Plutarch.

Iulius Caesar, adopted his nephew Octaui∣us, and brought him vp himselfe.

Amongst the Heluetians or Switzers, whē one was condemned to death, order was ta∣ken that the execution thereof shoulde bee done by the Father, who was the cause of his euill education; that he might come to hys death by the authour of his life, and that the father might in some sort be punished for his negligence vsed towards his child.

Traianus and Adrianus, at theyr own char∣ges caused fiue thousand noble mens Chyl∣dren of Rome, to be brought vp in learning, vertue, and feates of Armes, for the profi• of the Common-wealth. Eutropius.

Eteocles, one of the most noble Euphorie
Page  55
of Lacedemonia, freely aunswered Antipater asking 50. pledges, that he would not gyue him chyldren, least if they were brought vp farre from their Fathers, they should change the auncient custome of liuing vsed in theyr owne country, and become vicious, but of old men & women he would giue him dou∣ble the number, if he would be so pleased to accept of them.

Leo the Emperour wished, that Schoole∣maisters might receiue the pay of men at Armes.

Alexander caused thirty thousand children of those nations hee had conquered, to bee brought vp vnder professors of sundry Sci∣ences; by whose policies, if he had lyued, he had thought to haue held al the whole world in awe. Plutarch.

Hipperides an Orator of Greece, sayde to one who tolde him that hee had sent a slaue with his sonne to gouerne him, You haue doone very well, for in sted of one slaue, at his returne you shall receiue two.

The Cittizens of Rome, dyd throw Scemi∣des with her sonne Heliogabalus, aliue into the riuer Tyber, to beare him company, for that she bare and brought vp such a gulfe of mischiefes. Suetrnius.

Page  [unnumbered]
Plato had his education among the priest of Egipt, where he learned such instructions▪ as made his phylosophie so perfect, that what•soeuer proceeded from the mouth of Plato, vvas accounted diuine.

The Lacedemonians vvere wont to make choyse of men of learning and vvisedome for the education of theyr cittizens, and them they called Publique Tutors, for vvhich re∣spect they were holden vertuous men in ac∣tion, valiant of courage, and excellent in martiall discipline.

The Phylosophers in Greece, made cer∣tayne playes for the instruction of young men, vvhich discipline, eternall memorie hath preserued till these our dayes.

In Iulius Caesar there wanted no fortitude, for he ouercame many, neyther clemencie, for hee pardoned his enemies; neyther libe∣rality, for hee gaue away kingdoms, neither science, for he vvrote many bookes, neither fortune, for hee vvas Lord of all men, but he vvanted good manners, vvhich is the foun∣dation of a quiet life. Suetonius.

King Philip of Macedon, vowed his sonne vnto Aristotle as soone as euer he was born, and afterward did put him happily into hys hands, and he trained him vp in philosophy.

Page  56
Comodus the Emperor, was a very vertu∣ous chyld in the beginning, and had good e∣ducation; but in the end he prooued a most vvicked Prince. Suetonius.

Nero wanted no good instructions, & such a maister he had, as neuer any had a better, yet among all the Emperours of Rome, not any one was worse then he. Tacitus.

Iulian the Apostate, tooke away all bene∣uolences and contributions to schooles of •earning, to the end the chyldren might not be instructed in the liberal Arts, but brought vp in ignorance.

Caligula the fourth Emperour of Rome, vvas brought vp vvith such cost and delica∣cie in his youth, that they doubted in Rome, whether Drusius Germanicus his Father, employed more for the Armies in vvarres, then Caligula his sonne spent in the cradle for his pleasures. Suetonius.

The Mother of Alexander the twenty sixe Emperour of Rome, was so carefull of her sonnes education, that shee kept continually a guard of men to take heed, that no vicious man came vnto him to corrupt him in euill. Herodian.

