
The wild Boare pursued of dogs, the Lyo∣nesse bitten with hunger, the Tyger robbed of her young ones, or the Viper, whose tayle is trod vpon, are not more cruell and fierce then a woman offended, but nothing sooner casteth her into a fury thē iealousie. Ausonius.

Ariadne buried aliue Zeno Isauricus the Emperour, that shee might be reuenged of him for his iealousie.

Bomilchar, a Prince of Libia, being suspec∣ted of his owne Country-men the Carthagi∣ans, that he had conspired with Agathocles, vnto anoyance of the Subiects, was hanged in the Citty of Carthage, in the midst of the Market.

Phillip King of Macedonia, married the si∣ster of Attalus, and had diuorced and put a∣way Olimpias, the mother of Alexander, vp∣pon suspition. Iustinus.

Betweene Cicero and Hortensius, was a learned iealousie about eloquence; between Cicero & Salust was the like.

Page  [unnumbered]
Betweene Demosthenes and Aeschines al∣so, as appeared by theyr orations, made a∣gainst each other.

The like iealous contention, was betweene Xenocles and Euripides, the first by his Oe∣dipus, Lycaon, Bacche, Athamas Satyricall, the last by his Alexander, his Palamede, his Troians, his Sisiphus Satyricall.

Demetrius Pheraeus the tirant, who rather trusted an yron branded slauish Thracian, then his wife Thebe, was by her slaine, for a iealousie of spousebreach. Cicero.

Of all people, the Parthians are most iea∣lous of their wiues, where-vpon they going out of dores, doe neuer shew theyr faces or breasts, and those that be of great calling goe in close vailes, that they may not be seene.

There is not in the world any Nation lesse iealous then the Germaines, albeit their wo∣men be very faire. P. Pius.

In his description of certaine naturall baths of Germany, wherat himselfe was present, he did much meruaile at the familiarity of the Dutch-women, who would in presence of theyr husbands, steppe naked into the baths among them. Idem.

The Italians are as iealous as any of theyr women. Aeneas Syluius.

Page  75
Fuluius pursued by the Romaine Souldi∣ours, fled to a vvoman seruant, whom first he kept, and after made free, and gaue a dow∣ry to marry her, notwithstanding, for iealou∣sie of another woman whom he had married she betrayed him. Appian.

Mithridates hauing his Sonne in suspition for coueting the kingdome, sent for him, and held him with chaynes of gold, commaun∣ding him to be killed. Idem.

A Romaine Senatour named Attilus, fled from his Country, because he was contem∣ned, and being in great fauour with Mithri∣dates, was taken as one that vvould betray him, and for that he was a Senator, the King would not torture him, but killed him. I∣dem.

VVhen Demetrius vvas returned to his kingdome, Cleopatra his wife killed him for iealousie of his other wife Rhadogine. Plinie

Alexander did emulate in Lysimachus skil∣fulnes in vvarre, in Seleucus an inuincible courage, ambition in Antigonus, in Attalus a diuine maiesty, and in Ptolomey, an happy successe of all his enterprises.

Marcellus was an imitatour, and did emu∣late the manners of Caesar. Cicero.

Aristotle emulated Plato, Cicero, Demo∣sthenes,
Page  [unnumbered]
Virgil, Homer.

Of all beasts the wild Asse, by the Greekes called Onager, is the most iealous, for in an whole Herd of females, there is but one male, and he is so iealous, that he will not suffer any other to come among them, & when the fe∣male chaunceth to haue a male Colt, the fire with his teeth will bite off his genitories, as fearing he should couer his damme. Plinius. Solinus.

Of Beauty. Beauty is onely humaine, consisting in goodly lineaments and colours well disposed, more per∣•est in women then men, and yet without fauour ••perfect in both, therefore the graces are called the hand-mayds of beauty.

CLeopatra writ a booke of the preseruati∣on of womens beauty.

Seneca reporteth, that the looking-glasse was first inuēted to this end, that man might vse it as a meane to know himselfe better by.
