There was but one Orestes, and yet Py∣lades called himselfe Orestes, and was con∣demned to die, vnder that name, onelie to saue the life of his companyon.

Dion of Syracusa, vvas slaine of Callicra∣tes, vvhom he alvvayes highly fauoured, & supposed to be the most assuredst friend hee had lyuing in the world.

Volumnius hearing of the death of his friende Lucullus, came to Anthony, desi∣ring
Page  67
him to send his souldiours to kill him vpon the graue of his friend and bury him; vvhich hee denying, Volumnius vvent to his graue, and there killed himselfe, leauing a briefe by him, vvherein was vvritten, Thou that knewest the faithfull loue betweene Vo∣lumnus and Lucullus, ioyne our bodyes beeing dead, as our mindes were one being aliue.

Asmundus so deerely loued his friende A∣sotus, that after hee vvas dead, hee vvould needes be buried vvith him aliue. Saxo.

The Oracle of Apollo, pronounced the amitie betweene Chariton and Menalippus, to be heauenly, diuine, and celestiall.

Blossius humbly desired pardon of Lelius, because hee tooke part with Gracchus, ha∣uing no greater reason to excuse himselfe but his great loue toward him, which he confes∣sed to be such, that hee thought himselfe bound in friendshyp to doe whatsoeuer hee would haue him, yea, if it were to burne the Capitoll. Cicero.

Lucilius, when he sawe that his friend Bru∣tus was compassed about with enemies, hee with a few souldiers ran among thē, and sayd that hee was Brutus, that his friende might scape away. Plut.

Polytius gaue Scipio counsell that hee
Page  [unnumbered]
should neuer depart frō the publique place of authority, before hee had got some nevve friende and wel-willer.

Phocion, when a friend of his vvould haue cast himselfe away, woulde not suffer hym, saying, I was made thy friend to this purpose.

Cicero writ to Atticus, that a friende vvas bounde to wish but three thinges vnto his friend, that he be healthy, that hee be well ac∣counted of, and that he be not needy.

Archidamus, vvhen he vvas chosen Arbi∣trator to decide a certaine contention be∣tweene two friends, brought them both into Dianas Temple, and made them sweare vp∣pon the Altar, that they would obserue what soeuer he determined; whervpon they yeel∣ded, I iudge then (quoth he) that none of you depart this Temple before you bee reconciled. Thus were they cōstrained to agree between themselues, & Archidamus freed from loo∣sing their friendships whō he deerly loued.

The Egyptians shewed signes of stronger friendship to their friends beeing dead, then when they were lyuing.

Scipio Affricanus, going against the Nu∣mantines, deuided his Army into 500. com∣panies, and made one band which hee called Philonida, the band of friends.

Page  68
Mithridates, sought to driue Nicomedes forth of Bithinia, vvho vvas friende to the Romaines, and gaue the Romans so much to vnderstand; to vvhom the Senate made aunswer, that if he warred vpon Nicomedes, he should likewise feare the force of the Ro∣maines. Appian.

Cicero and Clodius, Tiberius and Affrica∣nus, frō mortall foes became faithful friends.

Scipio greatly complained, that men were very skilfull in numbring their Goates and Sheepe, but few could reckon their friends.

Alexander helde Aristotle deere, Darius Herodotus, Augustus Piso, Pampeius Pla•∣tus, Titus Plinie, Traiane Plutarch, Antho∣nius Apollonius, Theodotius Claudius, Se∣uerus Fabatus.

Pericles beeing desired by a friende to ayde him with false witnes, aunswered, That hee would friend him as high as the heauens; mea∣ning, that men should ayde theyr friends so far as iustice & gods lawes did permit. Thu.

Plato seeing he could not bring the Com∣mon-wealth to happines by vertue, reduced all lawes to friendship, deuising all things to be common, affirming that two only words, namely Mine & Thine, where the things that disturbed the society of man.

Page  [unnumbered]
Homer giueth Achilles a Patroclus, Virgill an Achates vnto Aeneas, Alexander had his Hephestion, Darius his Zopirus, and Sci∣pio his Laelius.

Dion and Iulius Caesar, had rather die then distrust theyr friends. Plu.

Augustus wanting his olde friends Maece∣nas and Agrippa, said, that if they had lyued, hee had not fallen into the troubles hee vvas then in. Seneca.

