
There arose a great vvarre betvveene the Alleynes and the Armenians, the occasion thereof vvas, for that as they came to the feast of Olympus, they fell in contention vvhether of theyr Gods were the better, by reason of vvhich vvarre, their Cōmonwealth and people were brought into great misery; which the Emperour Adrianus perceiuing, sent Iulius Seuerus vtterly to ouerthrovve those that vvould not bee ruled by his sen∣tence, vvhom he thus pacified, willing that the Alleynes should take for their Gods, the Armenians Gods, and the Armenians, the Gods of the Alleynes. Pulio de dissol. reg.

Of Antiquities. The knowledge of Antiquities, & first inuen∣tion of things, was so much in request among the Auncients, that Plinie, Marcus Varro, & Ma∣crobius, (historiographers no lesse graue then true) were in great controuersie, for proouing what things were most auncient.

THere were seauen which first gaue lawes to the vvorlde, Moses to the Hebrewes,
Page  [unnumbered]
Solon to the Athenians, Lycurgus to the Lacedemonians, Numa Pompilius to the Romans, Asclepeius to the Rhodians, Mi∣nos to the Cretans, and Phoroneus to the Egyptians. Diod. Siculus.

All Counsellors and Lawyers of Rome, did call the lavves that were most iust Forum, in memory of Phoroneus.

The true and most auncient mettals, be not of golde, but yron; much time passed in the Empire of Rome wherein the Romains had no mony, but of brasse or yron; & the first coyne that was made to be melted in Rome of gold, vvas in the time of Scipio Affrica∣nus.

Corynthus, the sonne of Orestes, trayned by his Father to scoure the Sea, and commit Ilands to spoyle, reedifyed the Fortresse of Sisiphus a notorious Pyrat, and called it Co∣rinthus by his owne name; so that this citty was fyrst built by tyrants, gouerned by Ty∣rants, and destroyed by tyrants.

Rome was builded by Romulus, Ierusalem by Salem, Alexandria of Alexander, Anti∣oche of Antiochus, Constantinople (before Bizantium) of Constantinus, & Numantia in Spayne, of Numa Pompilius.

In the Cittie of Numantia was but one
Page  148
crafts man, & he a Smith, others they would not consent shoulde liue among thē, saying; That all such thinges euery man ought to haue in his owne house, and not to seeke them in the Common-wealth.

In the beginning of the world, they writ in ashes, next in barks of trees, then in leaues of Laurell, afterward in sheets of leade, & at last they came to write in paper. Strabo.

In stones they did write with iron, in leaues with pensils, in ashes with fingers, in rindes vvith kniues, in parchment vvith canes, and in paper with pennes. Idem.

The Incke that our fore-fathers dyd write withall, was first of a Fish called Zibia, after that, they made it of foote, afterwards of ver∣milian, after that, of Cardinellio, in the ende, they inuented it of Gum, Galls, Coperas, & vvine. Gueuara.

They which discended of Lycurgus in La∣cedemonia, of Cato in Vtica, of Agesilaus in Lycaonia, & of Tusides in Galatia, were not onely priuiledged in their prouinces, but for their ancient noblesse honored of al nations.

It vvas a law in Rome, that all those that descended of the linage of the Tarquines, E∣scaurians, Catilines, Fabatians & Bithinians, had no offices in the Common-vvealth,
Page  [unnumbered]
although they discended of an ancient stock, because theyr auncestors were in theyr liues very dishonest, and in their gouerment very offensiue. Patritius.

Christ himselfe vvoulde not descend of the Tribe of Beniamin, vvhich was the least, but of the Tribe of Iuda, which vvas the greater and the better.

The Romaines had the law Prosapia, the law of linages, by which it was ordained, that when contention did arise in the Senate for the Consulship, that those which descended of the stemme of the Syluians, of the Tor∣quatians, and of the Fabritians, should ob∣taine chiefe place before all others, for that these three linages in Rome vvere most an∣cient, and did discend of most valiant Ro∣maines.

Colonies first beganne at the diuers vvay-partings of Noahs posteritie, Sem, Cham, & Iaphet.

Of Gomer, one of the sonnes of Iaphet, came the Gomorites, whom the Greekes call Galates and Gaules, of them came the people that spoyled Delphos, & were called Gallo-Greekes; of them likewise come the Germaines. Melancthon.

From Tuball, vvho was their first King,
Page  149
•ame the Spanyards. Berosus.

The Egyptians boast themselues to be the •irst men in the world, as Geographers re∣•ort.

Mosoch was the father of the Muscouites, •nd Madai of the Medes, whose Empire was very great in the higher Asia; they destroied •he Chaldean Monarchy. Iosephus.

Magog was father of the Scythians, but at thys time the right Scithians are the Slauo∣nians, Muschouites, and Tartarians, vvho vaunt of theyr descent from Iaphet. Me∣lancthon.
