
Breue iter ad bonum per exempla, longum per praecepta.
Printed by I. R. for N. L. & are to be sold at the VVestdoore of Paules. 1599.

Page  [unnumbered]
Page  [unnumbered]
To my most esteemed and ap∣proued louing friend, Maister Iohn Bodenham, R. A. vvisheth all happines.

SIR, for many causes best knowne vnto your selfe, and euer of me to bee acknow∣ledged, it might be thought I were no lon∣ger worthy of your loue, if I shoulde not in some sort shew my selfe thankeful. Besides, this history or Theater of the little VVorld, SVO¦IVRE, first challengeth your friendly patro∣nage, by whose motion I vndertooke it, and for whose loue I am willing to vndergoe the heauy burden of censure. I must confesse that it might haue beene written with more maturitie, & de∣liberation, but in respect of my promise I haue made this hast, how happy I know not, yet good enough I hope, if you vouchsafe your kinde ap∣probation: which with your iudgement I holde ominous, and as vnder which, Politeuphuia was so gracious. Very fitly is man compared to a tree, whose rootes are his thoughts, whose branches and leaues his wordes (which are suf∣ficiently set forth in choicest Sentences & Simi∣litudes)
Page  [unnumbered]
the fruite whereof are his workes, now shewed in Examples. In these, as in a glasse, is to be seene the two-fold course of mans life, & such presidents, as eyther may be followed for vertu∣ous, or eschevved as vicious. In many of them, I haue beene briefe, the better to assure & con∣sume memory, in others, somewhat prolixe, be∣cause I would auoyde obscuritie. These all, how soe•er they want the high charactered stile and smooth phrase (which is the body of eloquence) together with my best endeuours, I offer to your loue, that hath begot in me this labor, whose af∣ter studies shall bee imployed to nourish it, and continue my euer thankefull mind for the same, resting alwayes

Yours most assured to commaund. Robert Allott.
Page  [unnumbered]
To the Reader.

THE auncient Phylosophers (cour∣teous Reader) haue written of tvvo vvorlds, the great and the lesser, the first is eyther vniuersall, which Plinie and others haue described, or perticuler, which is deuided into Heauen, called Mun∣dus Architypus, & Earth, which Strabo, Pom∣ponius Mela, and Solinus, haue set forth. The little world is man, (so called of Aristotle) for vvhom the greater vvorld was made. I haue therefore called these lucubrations or rather collections, The Theater of the little world, for that in it thou maist beholde the inward and outward parts of man, liuely figured in hys actions and behauiour. And albeit the per∣sons I alledge haue giuen place to nature, yet the same or the like accidents happen daily. Thys worke gathered out of diuers learned Authours, I may not call mine, least it bee sayd; Tu quidem á Neuio, vel sumplis•i multa si fateris, vel sinegas surripuisti. But howesoe∣uer this my labour shall be thought perfunc∣tory
Page  [unnumbered]
& idle; because it is but a collection o• the flowers of antiquities and histories; ye• dooth it comprehend those seauen persons which haue euer been thought most worth• subiects to be written of, as Kings, Knights Bishops, Iudges, Magistrates, Husbands i• theyr houses, & Religious men in the chur∣ches. The profit that ariseth by reading thes• epitomized histories is, to aemulate tha• vvhich thou likest in others, and to mak• right vse of theyr examples. If I haue no• obserued the true method (which Plato cal∣leth a fire sent from heauen) nor honoure• neuer-dying memory as it deserueth, par∣don my default, and shew thy gentle accep∣tance (which is Genius Librorum, the veri• life of bookes) proue al, & approue the best, which done, Tanquam Hercules in biuio, 〈◊〉 sequere aut vita.

Page  [unnumbered]
A Table of all the Authours Names contayned in this Booke.

A.
Augustinus
Aurelius.
Albumazar
Agathias
Appian
Aelianus.
Aristotle
Ambrose
Apoll. Thya.
Au. Gellius.
B.
Biblia. Sacra.
Bernard.
Bruzo Hisp.
Berosus
Beza
Budeus
Brusoninus
Balaeus.
C.
Chrisostome.
Cor. Tacitus
Cor. Agrippa.
Cicero.
Cassianus
Cassiodorus,
