
Drias, the daughter of Faunus, did so little
Page  [unnumbered]
regard the company of men, that she was ne•uer seene abroade, wherfore it was not law∣full for any men to be present at her sacri∣fice. Plut.

The women of Chios were so continent, that amongst them at no time was found ey∣ther an adultres or defiled virgine. Dion.

Pelagia with her mother and sisters, drow∣ned themselues, therby to preserue their ho∣nour. Ambrose.

Lucia a virgine of Syracuse, knowing that the tyrant was enamoured of her, and daily sought to dishonour her, pulled out her eies, and sent them to him. Sabellicus.

Chilo seeing Hippocrates doe sacrifice, and vessels in Olympus to burne without fire, counsailed him eyther to liue chast, or if he were maried, to put away his wife. Herodotus.

In the warres of M. Torquatus, against the Gallogrecians, the wife of Oriontes, be∣ing taken prisoner by a Centurion, who im∣portunatly assaulted her for loue, caused him to be slaine by her slaues after she was ranso∣med, and caried the leachers head as a token of her chastity, to her barbarous husband.

Antiochus beholding a beautious and reli∣gious woman, that was vowed to Diana, so-daily surprised with the loue of her, for feare
Page  80
he might be vnhonestly prouoked, forsooke the place.

The Souldiers of Frauncis Sforza, brought to him a young virgine there prisoner, of in∣comparable beauty, whom hee attempted with prayers, gifts, & threats, but preuailing in none of these, he sent her home ransom∣lesse, and gaue her part of his spoiles, for be∣ing so carefull of her chastity. Guicchard.

The Turtle male or female, after the death of her male, neuer brauncheth more vpon a greene bough. Plinie.

The Romaines vsed to crowne such wiues with the crowne of chastity, vvho after the death of their husbands, liued in perpetuall widow-hood, wher-vnto the Stockdoue and Turtle did inuite them, these in regard of their continency nature hath adorned, with a circle or coller of feathers, which they weare about their necks, as reward for theyr cha∣stity. Idem.

Of 50, Spartaine virgines meruailously prouoked by the Messanians, to yeeld them selues to bee abused by them, not one was found that would condescend, but all rather chose to be slaine.

Nicetes the Martyr, pulled out his owne tongue, because hee would not consent to
Page  [unnumbered]
the vvanton dalliance of a vvicked harlot▪ Loncerus.

Of Fayth & Promises. By this the society of men is only maintayned, vpon this, the authority, power, and safety of Princes dependeth; a vertue without which not onely the parts of Iustice, but also all other ver∣tues are imperfect.

NO Nation vnder the sunne was compa∣rable to the Romaines, for keeping of promise. Contrary the Carthagenians were called Faedifragi, truce-breakers.

Ptolomey King of Aegipt, hauing by expe∣rience tried the fidelity of the Romaines, in his death-bed committed his heire beeing then a child, to their tuition.

Amongst the Scythians, if any were periu∣red, he was by the law adiudged to dye. Pau∣sanias.

The Phrygians vse no oathes at all, & com∣pell none to sweare. Stobaeus.

The ioyning of hands amongst the Persi∣ans, was the fairest signe of giuing & keeping fayth inuiolate.

The Romains in old time dedicated a tem∣ple
Page  81
to Faith, the better to cause the people to keepe and reuerence it. Pausanias.

VVhen Antiochus vvoulde haue vsurped Egypt vpon Ptolomey Epiphanes, vvhose protection the Romaines had already taken vpon thē, they sent vnto him Popilius, who made a circle about the same Antiochus, and forced him before hee departed, to promise, that hee woulde enterprise nothing against their sayd pupill. Dion.

An honorable person being called into the Senate at Athence to depose, touching some matters, the Senators vvould not haue him to take the accustomed oath, knowing him to be a vertuous & honest man. Cicero in an Oration pro Balbo.
