
The Egyptians punishments against adul∣tery, was, to cut of the nose of the vvoman, and the priuie parts of the man.

Alexander when a woman was brought to him one euening, demaunded of her vvhy shee came so late? she aunswered, that shee stayed vntill her husband was gone to bed. VVhich he no sooner heard, but he sent her away, being angry with thē that had almost made him commit adultery.

He was angry with Cassander, because hee would by force kisse a minstrels maid.

Rodolphus King of Lombardie, beeing ta∣ken in adultery, was slaine by the vvomans husband whom he abused.

Roderigo, King of Spayne, was depriued of his kingdome & life by the Sarazins, who vvere called in by an Earle called Iulian, that he might be auenged of the king for forcing his daughter.

Caelius Rhodoginus, in his 11. booke of antiquities, telleth of a certain man, that the
Page  [unnumbered]
more he vvas beaten, the more he feruently desired vvomen.

The vvidowe of the Emperour Sigismund intending to marry againe, one perswaded her to spende the remainder of her life after the manner of the Turtle-Doue, who hath but one make; If you counsell mee, (quoth shee) to followe the example of byrds, why doe you not tell me of Pidgions & Sparrowes, which after the death of their makes, doe ordinarilie couple themselues with the next they meet.

Hiero, King of Syracusa, banished the Po∣et Epicharmus for speaking vvantonly be∣fore his vvife, and that very iustly, for hys vvife vvas a true mirrour of chastitie.

Sulpitius Gallus, put away his wife by de∣uorce, because shee went abroad vnmasked.

Pompey caused one of his souldiers eyes to be put out in Spaine, for thrusting his hand vnder a womans garment that was a Spany∣ard; and for the like offence, did Sertorius commaund a footeman of his band to be cut in peeces. Sabellicus.

If Caracalla had not seene his mothers thigh, he had not married her. Suetonius.

Speusippus the Phylosopher, one of Pla∣toes followers, vvas slaine for his adulterie. Tertullianus.

Page  265
Tigellinus dyed amongst his Concubines. Tacitus.

Rodoaldus, King of Lombardy, was slaine with a certaine matrone, euen in the action of their concupiscence. Paulus Diaconus.

By the law of Moses, adulterers were sto∣ned with rigour, which our law doth not ob∣•erue, for were it to bee so in these dayes, wee should not finde stones enough to ful∣fill it.

A Nunne, finding in her Booke, at the bot∣tome of the leafe, these vvordes, Bonum est omnia scire, determined to try what the carnall copulation of man and woman might •ee, but turning ouer the leafe, shee sawe in the beginning thereof, Sed non vti, vvhere∣•pon to her greefe shee altered her purpose, and her ioy lasted but a while.

Rutilius, Consull of Rome, caused the tem∣ple of Lucina to bee burned, because his daughter (great with child) made her vow, and kept her 9. vigils, and vpon more deuo∣tion, was desirous to bee deliuered in the temple.

The Persians, would not shew their wiues vnto strangers. Iosephus.

The Tarentines, and the Capuans, were very mortall ennemies, by chaunce one
Page  [unnumbered]
one day in the campe of the Capuans, two Captaines fell at variance, because they both loued one woman, which when the Taren∣tines perceiued, immediatly they gaue them the onset, & ouercame them.

If Scipio Affricanus had not scowred the Romaine Armies of leachery, the inuincible Numantia had neuer beene ouercome.

Phalaris, the tirant, would neuer grant man any thing that he desired, neyther euer deni∣ed any thing that a dissolute woman reque∣sted. Plut.

Caligula, gaue but 6000. sextercies onely, to repaire the walls of Rome, & 10000. sex∣tercies for furring one of his Lēmons gowns. Idem.

