Traian, when he was blamed by some of his friends, for his ouer much clemency, answe∣red, I will be vnto my Subiects, as I would my Subiects should be to mee, for the gentlenes of a Prince, neuer hurteth his estate. Suetonius.

Phillip King of Macedonia, would not pu∣nish Nicanor, although he openly spake euill of him, saying, when he heard therof; I suppose that hee is a good man, it were better to search whether the fault be in vs or no.

Dion hauing ouercom Dionisius, & resto∣•ed his Cuntries liberty, forgaue Heraclides one of his most dangerous enemies. Plut.

Antigonus hearing certaine Souldiours rai∣ling
Page  [unnumbered]
vpon him hard by his tent, who though that he was not so neere, shewed himselfe, say∣ing, can you not goe further to speake ill of me!

Caesar, when he heard that Cato had slaine himselfe at Vtica, O Cato, (said he) I enuy thee, this thy death, seeing thou hast enuied me, the sa∣uing of thy life. Plutarch.

Adrian bearing great enuy to a worthy Ro∣maine, before he was Emperor, the same day he vvas elected, meeting his enemy in the streete, sayd to him aloud, Euasisti, meaning, that he being now a Prince, might in no wise reuenge an iniury. P. Diaconus.

Pythagoras was so pittifull, that he abstai∣ned from cruelty, euen towards vnreasonable creatures, that he vvould buy birds of the Fowlers, and let them fly againe, & draught of fishes, to cast them againe into the Sea. Loncerus.

Augustus made one his Seruant, that would haue killed him.

Domitian, when he was first chosen Empe∣rour, did so abhorre cruelty, that he would not suffer any beasts to be killed for sacrifice.

The Snakes of Syria, the Serpents of Ty∣rinthia, and the Scorpions in Arcadia, are gentle, and sparing of theyr naturall soyle, though cruell in others. Plinius.

Page  42
Scipio, hauing taken Hasdruball captiue, restored him againe without ransome.

Darius, vnderstanding that his Subiects were sore taxed with Subsidies, blamed his Counsaile, rebuked their Law, and in an ora∣tion vnto his Subiects signified, that he was oath his estate should hinder theyrs, which gentlenes so wone them, that they offered their lands and lyfes at his feet. Herodotus.

The Emperor Aurelian, the gates of Tiae∣•a being shut against him, he sent word, that vnlesse they yeelded, he would not leaue one flogge aliue in the Citty, vvhich they not∣withstanding refused to doe, but he ouer∣comming them, was so pittifull, that he spa∣•ed them, commaunding to kill all the flogs.

Porus King of India, conquered of Alex∣•nder, and being commaunded to aske what •e would, fearing that pitty was farre from Alexander, desired clemency, which he gran∣•ed. Brusonius.

Alexander vvas so famous for clemency, that Darius wished, that he might ouercome Alexander, to shew him curtesie, or that A∣•exander, and none else, might conquer him. Plutarch.

The Romaines were renowned, for the ho∣norable
Page  [unnumbered]
funerals of Siphax king of Numidia, whom they tooke prisoner. Valerius.

Prusias King of Bythinia, being banished by Nicomedes his owne Sonne, came to the Romains, who entreated him euery way ac∣cording to his worthines & estate. Diodorus.

So did they with Ptolomey banished by his owne brother, and restored him againe to his kingdome.

Marcellus, after his Souldiours had con∣quered Syracusa, not without great slaugh∣ter of many, mounted vp an high tower of the Castell, and with teares lamented the ••∣full fall of Syracuse. Valerius.

Metellus besieging the great Citty Cento∣brica, in the Country of Celtiberia, when he saw their miserable condition, and their wo∣men comming out with theyr children to craue mercy, he with-drew his intended for∣ces, remoued his campe, and spared the Cit∣ty, to his eternall commendation.

In Athence there was a temple dedicated to Mercy, into which none might enter, ex∣cept he were beneficiall & pittifull, and then also with licence from the Senate. Macrobius

Arcagatus a notable Chirurgion, was high∣ly esteemed among the Romaines, as long as he had pitty vpon his Patients, whose cure
Page  43
•e had promised, but when hee began to be •nmerciful, he was not only dispised of graue men, but in derision called Vulnerarius. Gel∣•ius.
