The King of Calecut is chiefe of his religi∣on and for this cause goeth before the other Ki•gs of India in dignity, and is called Samo∣ry, that is to say, God on earth.

Canutus not full 32, yeres before the con∣•••st, apparently proueth, that Princes kept their authority to cōmand, for matters of re∣•igion, more then 1000. yeares after Christ.

Charles the great, to Christian religion at •ononie, Padua in Italy, and Paris in France erected Academies.

Xerxes through counsaile of his Magi, commaunded all the temples and churches •hroughout Greece to bee burned, saying, •ha• it was wicked & impious, that Gods should 〈◊〉 but vp in Churches. Cor. Agrippa.

In old time the Persians had no temples at 〈◊〉. Pausanias.

Theodectes a Poet, mingled his Tragedies 〈◊〉 holy Scriptures, & therefore was struc∣•en with blindnes, vntill he had recanted his ••piety. Iosephus.

A Iew often baptized for money sake, came
Page  [unnumbered]
to Paulus the Nouatian Bishop to that end, but the vvater twice vanishing out of the Fount, he said, O man, eyther thou dissemblest egregiously, or else thou art baptized vnwil∣lingly. Eusebius.

Of Prayers & Thanksgiuing. The Maker and Redeemer of the world, di• vse great measure in all things, except in pray∣ing, wherein hee was alwayes long, which he shewed most cleerely in Gethsemany, where ho• much the more the agonie did oppresse him, 〈◊〉 much the more did he enlarge his prayers.

THE Hebrewes called the 100. and 1• Psalme, and the next sixe following the great Alleluya, vvhich the Apostles sayd fo• grace at Easter and Pentecost.

The first earthly man of the Hebrewes, 〈◊〉 called Adam, as homo tanquam ex humo, th• other heauenly of the Chaldeans, Enoch which signifieth true man, or that man whic• hath vndertaken, and hopeth to call vpo• God. Ambrosius.

Iacobus minor, the sonne of Ioseph brothe• of Christ, was so like him, that in the betray∣•ng,
Page  14
for feare they should mistake, Iudas •aue him a kisse; his knees with continuall •rayer, became as hard as a Cammels hoofe.

Bartholomew the Apostle, by his prayers, •estored the destracted daughter of Polemi∣•s King of India, to her former sences. Ma∣•ullus.

Arcadius was called of Chrisostome, the •ost Christian and godly Prince, who a litle •efore his death wone estimation of holines, •ot without the admiration of a great multi∣•ude, saued from destruction by his prayers. Theodorus. P. Diaconus.

God gaue Narsetes victory, more through •he zealous prayers that he vsed, then his •orce and valour; he neuer went to Sea, nor •egan any battaile, nor determined of warre, •or mounted on horseback, but first he went •o the temple and serued God. Blondus.

The Emperour Heraclius, after his warres •ere ended, entered Constantinople, sitting •n a Chariot without ornaments, and openly •aue thanks to the Sonne of God for his •reat victories. Orosius.

Tiberius that vertuous Emperour, being •riuen to a blessed necessity, as he walked in •he midst of his Pallace, he saw at his feete a •arble stone, vvhich was in forme of the
Page  [unnumbered]
crosse; and because he thought it religious to spurne it with his feete, he caused it to be taken vp, and vnder that found another, and so a third of the same forme, which when that was taken vp, there was found two millions of Duckets, for the which he thanked God.

Marcus Aurelius hauing felt the helpe of Christian prayers, ceased his persecution. Eusebius.

Prayers are of the Poets fayned, to be the daughters of Iupiter, because Kings & great men haue a number of followers and sutors. Orpheus.

Apollo being praied vnto to sing an Him•• to the great GOD, began vvith this verse, VVhich made the first man and called him A∣dam. Iustinus Martyr.

The lessons of Pythagoras, Plato, and thei• Disciples, began and ended with prayers.

The Brachmans among the Indians, & th• Magi among the Persians, neuer began any thing without praying vnto God.

Cleanthes in his Iambicke verses, praye• God to vouchsafe to guide him by his cause, which guideth all things in order, the which cause he calleth destiny, and the cause of cau∣ses. Simplicius.

