Page  253
Antonius Caracalla, offended with them of Alexandria, entering the Citty in a peaceable maner, and calling out all their youth into a faire field, enclosed them with his Souldiers, and at a signe giuen, killed them euery one, vsing the like cruelty against all the rest, and cleane depopulated the Citty. Herodianus.

Volesius Messala, being Proconsull of Asia, slew with the sword in one day 300. and then walking proudly among the courses, with his hands cast abroade, as though hee had atchi∣ued a worthy enterprize, cryed out, O kingly deede. Seneca.

Theodosius, the Prince (a man consecrated to the true God) fradulently calling together at Thessalonica 7000. innocent persons, as it were to see plays, sent in Souldiers amongst them, who slew them. Eutropius.

Of Couetousnes. The better hap a man hath to attaine to ri∣ches, the more is he accursed, in being more tor∣mented with the feauers of the mind and vnqui∣etnes. This vice is held to be the roote of all euill, lacking as well those things which it enioyeth, as which it wanteth.

Page  [unnumbered]
〈1 page duplicate〉
Page  253
〈1 page duplicate〉
Page  [unnumbered]
THE Scithians only, make no vse of gold and siluer, for euer detesting and con∣demning the monstrous sinne of couetous∣nes. Solinus.

Caligula, was so couetous, that there was no kind of lucre, or meane to get money by, howe vnlawfull so euer it were, which hee sought not out, insomuch as he layde a try∣bute vpon vrine, and sold his sisters gownes, whom he had sent into banishment. Valerius.

Calipha, King of Persia, hauing filled a To∣wer with gold, Iewels, and precious stones, and being in warre against Allan king of Tar∣tary, was so ill succoured of his owne people, because hee would not giue them theyr pay, that hee was taken of Allan, and famished in that Tower where all his treasure lay.

Dionysius the elder, and aduertised of one that had hid great store of money, commaunded him vpon paine of death to bring it to him, which he did, although not all, but with the remainder dwelt in another place, and besto∣wed it vppon inheritance, when Dionysius heard therof, he sent him that which he took from him, saying, Now thou knowest how to vse riches, take that I had from thee.

Hermocrates, ready to die, bequeathed his
Page  254
goods to himselfe.

One at the houre of his death, swallowed many peeces of gold, and sewed the rest in his coate, commanding that it should be bu∣ried with him. Atheneus.

One besieged in the Tower of Cassilina by Haniball, chose rather to sell a Rat which he had taken for 200. Romaine pence, then to satisfie his hunger, whereof he dyed straight after, but the other saued his life by that dere meate. Valerius.

The Popes Camera, or Eschequer, is lyke vnto the Sea, whereinto all Riuers doe run, and yet it ouerfloweth not. P. Martyr.

The wife of Lot looking backward, turned into a pillar of salt, sheweth that none in the way of deliberation should desire things past. Augustinus

The old Clergy being asked why they can∣not liue by theyr holines but by couetous∣nes, aunswered, Nunc aliud tempus, alij pro tempore mores. Polychr:

Demonica betrayed Ephesus to Brennus of Senona, for gold, who demaunded her re∣ward of him, vvho brought her to a great heape of gold, and loaded her so heauy ther∣with, that she died vnder the burden.

Euclio, had hidden such treasure vnder the
Page  [unnumbered]
ground, that he durst not go out of his house for feare of robbing, nor tarry in it for feare of killing. Plautus.

Adrian, sirnamed Sophista, when a neigh∣bour of his had sent him a few dainty fishes, for a present in a siluer dish, hee tooke both the siluer dish and the fishes, saying to the messenger, Thanke thy maister, and tell him, I take his fishes for nouelties, and his siluer dish for a present.

Simonides, whē he was requested to do any thing gratis, id est, for nothing, sayd, That he had two chests, the one shut vp for thanks, the o∣ther alwayes open for money. Plut.

Vespasian, when hee heard that a siluer I∣mage of great substance should be made for a monument of his worthines, he straight held out his hand, saying, Behold, heere is a place ready to set an Image, a sure foundation from falling.

Vespasian, of pure misery, niggardship, and couetousnes, commaunded in Rome, to be made publique places, to receaue vrine, not to keepe the Citty more sweete, but to the ende they should giue him more rent. Sue∣tonius.

