Sylla, forsaking his Dictatorship, spent the remainder of his life in gardening.

VVhen the Romaines would commend a∣ny man, they vsed to call him a good man, & a good husband, insomuch, as the Senator• themselues liued in the Country, & at occa∣sions were by Purseuants called to the citty▪

Page  235
Quintius Cincinatus, and others, were cal∣led from the plough to be Dictators.

King Agis, one day requested the Oracle of Apollo, to tell him who was the happiest man in the world, who aunswered, One Aglai∣on, be knowne of the Gods, and vnknowne of men, and making search for him throughout all Greece, found at length that it was a pore gardener in Arcadia, who 60. yeares olde, neuer went from home, keeping himselfe with his onely labour in his Garden. Li∣uius.

M. Cato Censorius, was as ready and apt to learning, as to warres, to matters concer∣ning the field, as the Citty, and also to the ex∣ercise of husbandry.

Hee was the most excellent husbandman of his time, and was the first amongst the Romians, that gathered the precepts of hus∣bandry, and brought them into the forme of •n Art. Petrarch.

Quintius Cincinnatus, while hee was ea∣•ing his foure Acres of land, by decree of the Senate & people of Rome, was chosen Dic∣•ator. Florus.

Abdolominus, at the commaundement, or rather permission of Alexander, from a •oore Gardener, was aduaunced vnto
Page  [unnumbered]
the kingdome Sidon, and by contemning the kingdom, was reputed greater then the king∣dome.

C. Marius, was an hireling ploughman, and spent the first yeares of his lyfe in the fields▪ but afterwards was seauen times Consull o• Rome.

The plesure that Lucanus had in this world, was nothing else but a little Garden, & when he died, he cōmaunded his graue to be made in it; where he was buried.

Of Pouerty. This burden, whether it come by birth or some sinister chaunce, is, or ought to bee a meanes to bring man to a ready knowledge of himselfe, an• by this, to a more neere knowledge of God, who sometime sendeth it as a tryall, other-while as • punishment, to the godly first, the burden is light▪ to the repining punished, intollerable, who loose the benefit thereof by their impatience and mur∣muring.

ARistides, sirnamed the iust, beeing very poore, was chosen to leauie and gather the trybute before all the rich men in A∣thence.

Page  236
VVhilst the name of pouerty was honou∣red at Rome (vvhich was by the space of 400. yeares after the foundation thereof, Pleasure could neuer set foote as there, but •fter that Pouerty began to be contemned, •ertue immediatly tooke her flight from •hence, which was their vtter ouerthrow.

Valerius Publicola, hauing foure times •eene Consull of Rome (the onely man for gouernment in war and peace) his pouerty is •ecorded not to his shame, but to his praise. Liuius.

Poore Aristides, had not the least honour •n the seruice at Salamis, and at Plateus, was •he chiefe leader of all the Athenian forces, •hō Vertue did put forward, Pouerty could not hold back nor dismay. Herodotus.

Fabritius, being in pouerty, was sent in Em∣•assage amongst other Romaines to Pyr∣rhus, of whom Pyrrhus tooke such lyking, •hat to winne him to be his, he proffered him •he fourth part of his kingdome. Eutropius.

Ephialtes, beeing cast in the teeth with his pouerty, sayde, VVhy doost not thou make •ehearsall of the other thing, namely, that I loue •aw, and regard right? Aelian.

One of Catoes sonnes, of 15. yeares age, was banished for breaking of an earthen pot
Page  [unnumbered]
in a maydes hand, that went for water, so wa• Cinnaes sonne, because hee entered a Gar∣den, and gathered fruite without leaue.

The Ostracisme, amongst the Athenians was a banishment for a time, whereby the brought dovvne them that seemed to ex∣ceede in greatnes. This was inuented by Clisthenes.

A rude rusticke fellow, happened to meet Aristides, bearing a scroale of paper in hy• hand, and desired him to wryte the name o• Aristides therein, who meruailing thereat asked, whether any man had been by him in∣iured, No (quoth he) but I cannot in any wis• endure the sirname of Iustus. Plutarch.

At such time as the Ephesi banished they• Prince Hermodonus, they pronounced thi• sentence, Let none of vs excell another, but i• any so doe, let him no longer heere dwell, but in∣habite else where. Cicero.

Celliodorus, the Phylosopher, was bani∣shed in the prosperity and fury of the Mari∣ans, not for the euils they found in him, bu• for the vices he reproued in them.

