Page  152
and Sappho the fyrst Poeme of loue. Pau∣•anias.

The Athenians deuised the imposition of synes, penalties and forfeytures. Aelianus.

Ericthonius was the fyrst that ioyned hor∣ses together for seruice in drawing; but in Italy Oxen were fyrst prepared to the vse of husbandry; vvherupon the Grecians called Countrimen the Oxen of Italy.

Triptolemus vvas the fyrst that inuented the plough.

Clisthenes fyrst deuised banishment, and happened himselfe to pertake the smart of his inuented punishment. The like is written of Perillus, for inuenting Phalaris Bull.

Caesar, whē we was Dictator, fyrst brought the Bull to be baited.

The diall of the sunne was found by Anax∣imenes, and the experience thereof shewed in Lacedemonia, and brought to Rome by Papyrius; the Diall of VVater by Scipio Nascica, & the houres by Thales Milesius.

The Athenians inuented wrastling, and ac∣tiue exercises.

Themistocles made a law, that one ordina∣ry day through the yeere, there should be Cock-fyghting in Theaters.

VVhen the Tarentines were besieged by
Page  [unnumbered]
the Romaines, & vvel nie famished, the R•∣gineans fasting euery tenth day victualed the Tarentines; wherfore, when the force of the Romains failed and the Tarentines re•oue∣red strength, they inuented a festiuall day in remembrance of theyr former miseries, & called it leiunicus.

The Aeginests first coyned money, vvher∣vpon it was called answerable to their name, The Aeginean coyne. Aelianus.

Laius vvas the first that euer burned in the filthy lust of boyes, and by reason therefore of this monstrous perturbation, hee stole a∣way Chrysippus the sonne of Pelops. Some vvrite that Orpheus was the first that fell in∣to this sinne.

Farron was the first Law-maker of all the vvest parts of Europe, who had a sonne cal∣led Druis, from whom came the Druides, and VVisemen of Fraunce.

Pastorall Poems had their head from those Sheepheards which lamented the losse of Daphnes eye-sight; Stesichorus vvas the first indighter of these Poesies and Ditties.

Hortensius the Oratour, was the first that euer appointed the Peacocke in course of seruice at feasts.

From the Arcadians came the best & first
Page  153
Maisters of defence and VVrastlers. Lelius Strabo.

The Thessalians were the first fighters vp∣pon horseback, & the Affricans by Sea.

The Corinthians inuented Gallies & great ships. Thucidides.

All torments of warre, which wee call En∣gines, were first inuented by Kings or Gene∣ralls in warre, or if by other, they were by them made much better. Vitrunius.

Charles the great, created the first Mar∣quesse, who was called Leopold of Austria, sirnamed the VVorthy, when he had driuen the Hungarians out of Germany, to them he assigned the frontiers of Countries, to de∣fend against incursions and inuasions of the enemies.

The disport of hawking, was found out in Thracia, where men and hawkes as it were by a confederacy, tooke birds together, in this wise, the men sprang the birds out of the bushes, and the hawkes soaring ouer them, beate them downe, so that the men might ea∣sily take them, then did they equally deuide the pray to the hawks, who being wel serued, of custom repaired to such places, where be∣ing aloft, they perceaued men to be assem∣bled to that purpose. Plinius.

Page  [unnumbered]
Centauri, were the first that tamed horses riding, and men seeing them, supposed it t• be one body, and therfore an hundred horse∣mē of Thessalia, were called Centauri of Cen∣tum and aura, as it were an hundred wind VVaggers.

