
The first Duke was Moses, he was likewise the first Prophet, and Zacharias the last.

The originall of prophecie was first in A∣dam, who said, This is bone of my bone.

Foure things were first made in one tyme, the Heauen emperiall, Angels nature, the matter of the foure Elements, and Time.

Tuball first found out musicke, by the stri∣king of hammers.

The Prophet Esdras, first reduced the He∣•rewes
Page  151
traditions into writings.

The Chananites vvere the first that vvere •gnorant of God, theyr originall and Prince Cham was accursed of his Father. Lactan∣•ius.

People being dispersed, & like vnto beasts •andering in the field, were first by Cecrops and after by Theseus, brought to inhabite a Citty which vvas called Cecropia, and since named Athence.

The first in this world that gaue comman∣dement to be proclaimed, that all the heauy •oaden should come vnto him and he would disburden them, and all the weary, and hee would refresh them, was Christ; thys vvas, when in the moulde of loue hee did melt the law of feare. Gueuara.

The inuenters of a Common-wealth, were the Ants, which liue, trauaile, and make pro∣uision together. Plato.

Chiualrie and Learning, had their first resi∣dence in Athence, and from thence vvent to Rome.

Astronomy was first found in Chaldea.

The greeting of Paule, Grace and Peace, vvas neuer heard of before the preaching of the Gospell. Ambrose.

Cletus after him did vvrite, Salutem et A∣postolicam
Page  [unnumbered]
benedictionem.

Orpheus gaue names vnto the Gods, and was the fyrst blaser of their petigrees.

Pythagoras obserued that the morning starre and the euening starre be both one, & that the Zodiack roundeth the vvorld like a gyrdle.

Thales noted the North-starre, Solon that the Moone fynisheth her course in 30. daies, and Archimedes gathering the obseruations of many yeeres thereof, vvas the fyrst that inuented the Sphere.

Pherecides the Assyrian, was the fyrst that writ any history in prose. Some holde that Ca•mus was the fyrst.

Capaneus, at the besieging of Thebes, in∣uented the scaling with Ladders, & was kil∣led with a stone from the vvall.

The Phenicians vvere the fyrst that found out the vse of Letters. Lucanus.

Nemrod fyrst required of men homage & seruice, & Darius was the fyrst that appoin∣ted tribute.

Chrysippus corrupted the graue sect of Phylosophers with crabbed questions.

Zoroastres King of Bactria, was the inuen∣ter of the Art of Negromancie.

Lucilius vvas the fyrst that wrote Satyres,
