Scaurus and Cataline, the conspirators a∣gainst Rome; and Brutus and Cassius, the murtherers of Caesar, held great leagues and confederacie together; but in no sort they could be called friends, for there can bee no true amitie, vvhere is no vertue.

Among heauenlie bodyes, Mercury, Iupi∣ter, Sol, and Luna, are friendes to Saturne, but Mars and Venus are his enemies.

All the Planets sauing Mars, are friendes to Iupiter, and all the rest of the Planets sauing Venus, hate Mars. Iupiter and Venus loue Sol. Mars, Mercury, and Luna, are his ene∣mies, and all the rest of the Planets loue Ve∣nus, except Saturne.

Iupiter, Venus, and Saturne, are friendes to Mercury, Sol, Luna, and Mars, are hys enemies.

Page  69
There are inclinations of friendship, in vi∣g•able & mineralls, as the Loadstone hath to yron, the Emerald hath to riches and fa∣uours, the stone Iaspis to child-birth, the stone Achates to eloquence, and Naptha •ot onely draweth fire vnto it, but fire lea∣peth vnto it where soeuer it is, the like dooth the roote Aproxes.

Such friendship is betweene the male and female Date tree, that when a bough of the one shall touch a bough of the other, they fold themselues into a naturall embracing, & neuer doth the female bring forth fruit with∣out the male.

Vines loue the Elme tree & the Oliue, the Mirtle likewise loueth the Oliue & the Fig-tree; and if the Almond tree grovve alone, it will proue vnfruitfull.

There is friendship betweene the Blacke∣bird and the Thrush, betweene the Choffe and the Heron, betweene the Peacocks and the Doues. Isodorus.

Cato the Censor, had a Ring vvhereon was engrauen, Esto amicus vnius, et inimicus nul∣lius; Bee friende to one, and enemie to none. Plinie.

Page  [unnumbered]
Of Loue. All the Arts and Sciences of the worlde, may in time be learned, except the Art of Loue, the which neither Salomon had skill to write, nor Asclepias to paynt, nor Ouid to teach, Helen to report, or Cleopatra learne, beeing a continuall Schoolemaister in the hart; whose diuine furies are Propheticall, misticall, poeticall, amatorial; consecrated to Apollo, Bacchus, the Muses, and Venus.

THe Poets meane nothing els by those tovvnes of Adamant vvhich they vvrite of, but the loue of Cittizens, vvho by no force or policie can be ouercome, so long as in hart they hold together.

The Grecians, so long as they continued at peace among themselues, they vvere cō∣querers of all men, but after that ciuill dis∣cention had once entered in amongst them, they fell daily more and more to such ruine, that in fewe yeeres they became laughing-stocks to all the world. Plutarch.

Balsaria, when Calphurinus Crassus vvas taken captiue of the Messalines, and shoulde haue beene offered for a sacrifice vnto Sa∣turne,
Page  70
shee deliuered Crassus from death, & made him conquerer.

Caluce, after Troy vvas destroyed, vvhen King Lycus her Father (sayling into Lybia) had appointed to kill Diomedes for sacri∣fice, to appease the Gods for vvind & vvea∣••er, she deliuered him from her Father, and s•ued his lyfe.

Scipio Affricanus, esteemed so much the Poet Ennius aliue, that being dead, hee cau∣sed his picture to bee set before his eyes, as a memoriall of his great loue. Plutarch.

Pomponius Atticus, thought himself hap∣pie, when either Cicero was in his sight, or his bookes in his bosome.

Plato in his booke intituled Conuiuium, in∣terlaceth Comicall speeches of loue; hovv∣beit al the rest of the supper, there is nothing but discourses of Philosophy.

Alexander loued highly Apelles, insomuch that after he had made him draw out a I•e∣man of his naked, whom hee likewise loued deerely, vnderstanding that he was enamo∣red on her, he bestowed her on him.

Alexander vvould haue his picture drawne by none but Apelles, nor cut by any in brasse but onely Lysippus, so greatly did he affect them. Curtius.

Page  [unnumbered]
Stagerita, the towne where Aristotle vv•• borne, beeing destroyed by Philip of Mac••don, Alexander his sonne for the loue he• bare to his Maister Aristotle, reedified th• same againe.

Valerius, seruaunt to Panopion, hearing that certaine souldiours came vnto the Cit∣tie of Rheatina, of purpose to kill his master, hee changed apparrell with his maister, and conueyed him away, suffering himselfe to be slaine in his Masters bed, for the great loue he bare him.

The Persians, for the affection they bare to theyr horses, when they died buried them.

Alexander made a tombe for Bucephalus.
