Thales Milesius, who flourished in Athence in the time of Achab King of Iuda, was the first that defined the soule, affirming it to be a nature alwayes mouing it selfe.

The very account of the yeare was vncer∣taine and confused in Europe, vntill the time of Iulius Caesar. Censorius.

Pythagoras, Eudoxus, and Euclides, were the Authors of the most notablest grounds of Arithmetique and Geometry.

Ninus, was the first King, of whom any Hi∣storiographers haue written. Plinius.

The first that vsed to haue backe-byters, spies, and tale-bearers, was Darius the youn∣ger; next him Dionysius the tyrant, who in∣termedled them among the Burgezes, that by that he might know what they said of him

The first ship that was euer set a floate, was vpon the red Sea. Plinie.

The Tyrians were the first that excelled in Nauigation. Strab.

Before the Persian warres, there was no
Page  154
common baker in Rome. Plinius.

The first cherries that came into Rome, were brought by Lucullus.

VVhen the Gaules came into Italy, there were no wines at all in Gallia.

The Greeke histories began at the Empire of the Persians. Apuleius.

The paper of Aegipt, was inuented in Alex∣anders time.

Iustine, Origen, & Clement, were the first wryters amongst the Christians.

The Antiochians, were first called Christi∣ans, by the preaching, of those that dispersed them selues at the stoning of Stephen. Gra∣cianus.

Promethuis, first taught Grammer a∣mongst the Grecians. Cornelius Ag.

Crates Mallot•s, brought it to Rome, which Palemon studied, and called it an Ar•.

The first inuentour of the partition of ages, was Sybilla Cumana.

Pyrrhus, King of the Epyrotes, was the first that inuented Currers and Posts, he be∣ing at Tarentum, in one day vnderstoode from Rome, in two out of Fraunce, in three out of Germany, and in foure out of Asia.

Dido, builded Carthage threescore and twelue yeres before the building of the Citty
Page  [unnumbered]
of Rome, then Aeneas neuer saw Dido, for Aeneas was before, & died 3. hundred yeere ere Carthage was built.

Numa, was the first that caused the peny to be coyned for his people, and called it Num∣mus.

Lazarus, whom Christ raysed from death, was the first Bishop of Cyprus, he dyed his second death at the age of 78.

The Portingalls, were the first finders of the new world.

The first Emperour that tooke in hand to persecute the Christians, was Nero, picking a quarrell against them, for setting Rome on fire, when he was guilty of it himselfe.

