Velcurio, the learned Phylosopher, lying vpon his death-bed, when his friends came to comfort him, sayde, The Father is my Crea∣tour, the Sonne my Redeemer, the holy Ghost my Comforter, how can I then be sorrowfull or dismayde?

The day before that Caesar went to the Se∣nate, hee had beene at a banquet with Lepi∣dus, talking meerely vvhat death was best for a man, some saying one, and some ano∣ther, he of al praised the sodaine death, which
Page  239
happened to him. Appian.

The Scots in theyr owne Chronicles, haue recorded, that of one hundred & fiue Kings, •here dyed not aboue 50. of naturall deaths. Gasper Peucerus.

Of Vsurie. Vsury (of some called Interest, but without reason why, sith money let to interest returneth but with his proper summe) the daughter of Co∣uetousnes and Ambition, may well be called a continuall sire, which euer encreaseth through the consuming of such as fall therein. This hath been so odious amongst the Heathen, that the practizers therof haue beene seuerely punished.

EVe tooke vp sinne of the deuill, as it were by lone vpon her bare word, Adam by cō∣senting vnaduisedly, subscribed to the bond, but the burden of it, hath euer beene, and shall be laid vpon the necks of his posterity.

In the time of king Phillip, Augustus, Lews the fift, of king Iohn, & Charles the sixt, the Iewes & Italians which held banques, & ex∣ercised vsury throughout Fraunce, were ry∣fled and banished.

In sundry places, debtours vvere priui∣ledged,
Page  [unnumbered]
among others in Dianaes temple Ephesus, into the temple of sparing and we ordered expence vsurers might not ente•Pausanias.

Licurgus would suffer no vsurers to liue •∣mong the Spartanes.

The old Indians and Germaines knew n• what vsury meaned.

Amasis, King of Egipt, made a law, that th• Pretor should cal euery one to account, ho• they lyued, and if by vsury, they should b• punished as malefactors. Herod.

Cato, draue all the vsurers out of Sicilia, & (altogether vndone by them) restored he to her former glory. Val.

Asellius was slaine, for making a law agains• vsurers. Appian.

There was a law amongst the antient Gre∣cians and Romaines, which forbad all vsury surmounting one penny for an hundred by the yeare, and they called it Vnciarie vsury.

This law was since that, brought to a halfe∣penny a yeare among the Romaines, & not long after, vsury was cleane taken away by the law Genutia, because of vsuall seditions, which arose through the contempt of lawes concerning vsury.

It was prouided in Rome, that no Senator
Page  240
should be owner of any ship containing 300 Amphores, because immoderate gaines was •ot in the Noble men allowed.

In Thebes, it was by straight order forbid∣den, that any man should be put in office, which in ten yeares before the election, had practised any vnlawfull chaffering.

The Egiptians & Athenians, seeing the er∣ror of couetous vsury to take footing in their prouinces, by approued iudgement conclu∣ded, that by no instrument, plea, execution, or other meanes in law, a body might be de∣tayned, the original being for corrupt gaine.

The Romaines had a law, that no money should be lent to young heires vpon vsury, neyther allovving the detinew pleadable, nor the vsury answerable; hauing a priuate eye into those immeasurable gaines of those greedy Carles, vvho compasse the Fathers Lands, before the sonne come to it. Fene∣stella.

By this vnlawfull getting, many of the best and most auntient houses in all Italy, were brought into vtter ruine and confusion.

Page  [unnumbered]
Of Prodigality. Prodigality, one of the companions of Ple••sure, is called of the Stoicks a dissolution, or to• much loosing of reuerent vertue, and a token o• him which desireth to be a tyrant; such Lyons (〈◊〉 Aristophanes termeth them) are not to be nouri∣shed in a common-wealth, for if they should men must serue to satisfie their appetite, being a greedy of expence, as the couetous of money.

CLeopatra, the last Queene of Aegipt, in∣uited Anthony to a feast, at which shee dissolued in vineger a Pearle priced at a• hundred Sestercies.

The sonne of Aesopus the Tragedian, was so prodigall, that at diuers suppers hee would dissolue rich pearles in vineger. Horace.
