Otho, was poysoned by the wife of Cres∣centius, whom he put to death, when he had raigned 19. yeares; his wifes nam• was Ma∣ry, daughter to the King of Aragon, a wo∣man
Page  175
giuen to all beastlines and intemperanc••f life.

Henry the 2. sirnamed the haulting, D. of •auier, succeeded him, he was the first Em∣•eror chosen by the Electors, & raigned 22. •eares; he was wholy giuen to religion and godly life, he brought the Hungarians to the Christian faith, & gaue his sister to Stephen theyr King in mariage, and dyed at Bam∣•rige.

Conradus the French-man, after an Inter∣•egnum for 3. yeares, was chosen Emperor, •orne of the daughter of Otho the first, he •ad fortunate wars against the Pannonians, •e subdued Burgundy, and dyed in the 15. yeare of his raigne.

Henry the 3. called the Black, the sonne of Conradus was elected, in his time 3. vsur∣•ing Popes, Gregory 6, Syluestes 3, and Benedict 9, were by him deposed, and a 4. •nstalled, who was the Bishop of Bambrige, called Clement the 2. he dyed when he had •aigned 17. yeares.

Henry the fourth, his sonne, was cursed by Pope Hildebrand, and by his treasons ouer∣throwne, he being very young, his mother gouerned; the Pope made Rodolphus Em∣perour, and sent him a crowne, whereon was
Page  [unnumbered]
written; Petra dedit Petro, Petrus diadema R••dolpho, but this vsurper was ouercom by Hē•ry, & his hand cut off in the battel, the whic• when he saw ready to die, he sayd; Loe 〈◊〉 Lords yee Bishops, this is the hand where-wit• I promised my Lorde Henry fayth and loyaltie iudge ye then how well you haue aduised me.

The Pope set the sonne also against the Fa∣ther, vvho besieged him at Mentz, but by meanes of the Princes he departed thence; the Father died when he had ruled 50 yeres, his body lay vnburied 5 yeares, by reason of the Popes curse.

Henry the fifth, his Sonne withstoode the tiranny of Pope Paschalis, and tooke his crowne from him, he gouerned the Empire 20 yeares and dyed.

Lotharius the 2. Duke of Saxony, raigned 13 yeares, against whom Conradus made warre; in his time the ciuill law gathered to∣gether by Iustinian, and neglected through the tumults of warre, was called againe to light; he dyed of a Feauer.

Conradus, the third Duke of Bauaria, and Nephew to Henry the fourth, had great wars with the Sarazins in Asia, assisted by Richard sirnamed Cordelion, and Lewes the French King; he died without all glory & renowne,
Page  177
•n the fifteene yeere of his Empire.

Fredericke the first, called Oenobarbus, or •ith the red beard, vvas a Prince indued •ith very good qualities of minde and bo∣•ie, he ouerthrew Millaine to the ground, & •hased Pope Alexander out of Rome, and •laced Octauius in his seate; but vvhen hee •ooke his iourney into Syria, in the passage •uer a riuer, he vvas drowned, vvhen he had •aigned thirty and seauen yeeres; hee made •he Prince of Bohemia king, for his faithful∣•esse to him at Millaine.

Henry the 6. the sonne of F. Barbarossa, •ubdued the realme of Apulia, he tooke Na∣•les, and spoyled it. He made his sonne Fre∣derick (being a childe) Emperour with him •y consent of the Electors, whose wardshyp, •e dying, committed to his brother Philip, he ruled 8. yeeres.

Philip the sonne of F. Barbarossa, was cho∣sen Emperour for young Frederick, & raig∣ned tenne yeeres, against whom Innocenti∣us the third, erected Otho a Saxon, but Phi∣lip ouercame him, and vvas murthered of Otho Prince of Brunsinia in his Chamber; this vvas called Otho the fourth, who vvas excomunicated by the Pope, & was murde∣red in the 4. yeere of his raigne.

Page  [unnumbered]
Fredericke the second, sonne of Henry the sixt, succeeded him, and raigned 27. yeeres▪ and yet before hee dyed, vvas depriued fiue yeeres of the Empire, by Innocentius; hee vvas a vertuous and learned Prince; in his time the faction arose betweene the Guel∣phes and the Gibelines, the one vvith the Emperour, the other with the Pope.

Conradus the fourth, the son of Frederick, vvas ouercome by the Lantgraue, who whē he perceiued himselfe destituted of the Ger∣maine Princes ayde, went to his hereditarie kingdome of Naples, and there dyed, vvhen he had raigned 4. yeeres.

VVilliam Countie of Holland vvas chosen Emperor after him, a Prince of noble and vertuous actions, he was slaine by the Frize∣landers in the second yere of his raigne.

VVhen hee was dead, there vvas an Inter∣regnū for 17. yeeres, by reason of the Pope; Some chose Alphonsus King of Spaine Em∣perour for his vvisedome and vertues, which he refused, the other part of the Electors, e∣lected Richard the King of Englands bro∣ther, and brought him to Basill, but he vvas not accepted of the Empire.

Rodolphus the Countie of Haspurge vvas elected, and ruled 18. yeares, hee killed O∣•hocarus
Page  178
King of Bohemia, and burned one •hat sayd he was Frederick the second, he did 〈◊〉 a manner set vp the decaied Empire, ere •e died.

Adolphus, County of Nason, succeeded •im, but the Princes annoyed with his bad ••fe & ambition, chose in his place Albertus •he first, of vvhom Adolphus in a battaill •as slaine, hauing raigned 8. yeeres.

Albertus the first, son of Rodulphus, went •vith a great power against the King of France, but in passing ouer the riuer Rhene, •e vvas killed of Iohn his brothers sonne, af∣•er he had ruled ten yeeres.

Henry the seauenth, Coūty of Lusenbruge, •aigned 32. yeeres, and vvas poysoned by a Dominick Frier in the sacrament; he made his sonne Iohn King of Bohemia, by marry∣•ng the Kings Daughter; vvhose sonne vvas Charles the 4. king of Bohemia.

Lodouicus, Duke of Bauier vvas chosen Emperor by the Bishop of Mentz & Trier, the King of Bohemia and the Marquesse of Bradenbrough, and against him was erected Fredericke, Duke of Austria, by the Bishop of Coleine, the Count Palatine, and Duke of Saxonie, vvhereupon, neyther of them vvould giue place in the Empire, but rather
