Dionysius, the tyrant, albeit of nature hee was most cruell, yet by his Curtezan Mirta, hee became so tractable, that shee onely did confirme all his prouisions of the weale pub∣lique, and hee did but ordaine and appoynt them.

Themistocles, was so enamoured of a wo∣man that he had taken in the warres of Epi∣rus, that she being sicke, and let blood, he al∣so was let blood, and washed his face with the blood that issued out of her arme.

VVhen Demetrius had taken Rhods, there
Page  266
was brought to him a faire Gentlewoman, which he made his friend in loue, which she perceauing to be great, shewed her selfe an∣gry with him, and refused his company, but he abandoning his estate, on his knees pray∣ed her to pardon him.

Autenaricus, a famous King of the Gothes, after he had triumphed ouer Italy, and made himselfe Lord of Europe, was so far in loue with Pincia, a Curtezan, that whilst she com∣bed his head, he would make cleane her slip∣pers. Olaus.

I. Caesar diuersly was spotted with adultry, as with Posthumia, the wife of Seruius Sul∣pitius, Lelia, the wife of Gabinus, with Tar∣talin, the wife of Crassus, with Musia, Cne∣rius Pompeyes vvyfe, and Seruilia, the mo∣ther of Brutus.

Of Desperation. The last of all the perturbations of the mind, is Desperation, and is of all other most pernici∣ous; this destroyer of all hope of better fortune, entereth so farre into the hart of man, that it ma∣keth him offer violence to himselfe, then the which nothing can bee more dangerous to the soule.

Page  [unnumbered]
BRutus, and Cassius, after the death of Caesar, desperatly killed themselues.

Anthony, when hee heard that Cleopatra had slaine her selfe, desperatly ranne vpon his sword.

Empedocles, because hee could not learne the cause of Aetnaes burning, threw himselfe into it. Horace.

Aristotle, for that he could not giue a rea∣son of the flux and reflux of Eurypus, drow∣ned himselfe.

Themistocles, vvas not ashamed of this damnable speach in his mouth; If a man should shew me two seuerall wayes, the one lea∣ding to heauen, the other to hell, of the twaine I had rather take the latter. Aelianus.

Spira, the Italian, being exhorted to say the Lords prayer, desperately aunswered, That hee could not with his heart call God Father, be∣cause the deuill was his Father, nor haue any place but amongst the reprobate.

The Donatists, rather then they would bee forced from theyr fancies, slew them∣selues, yet this did nothing fray the Church of God from compelling them by the rigour of Princes lawes, without any respect of their wilfull desperation. August.

Page  267
Ptolomeus, that killed Pompeius, being o∣uercome by Caesar, drowned himselfe in the Riuer Nilus. Eutropius.

Phylostrates, beeing destitute of all hys friends, by the reason of a contagious wound hee had, led a poore and miserable lyfe, and lyke a begger wandered from place to place, thereby to signifie, that though hee were in such misery, as no man more, yet had he ra∣ther in that griefe so consume his dayes, then desperatly to kill himselfe.

Fimbria, killed himselfe in Asia, in the tem∣ple of Aesculapius, because hee would not be taken of Sylla. Appian.

Timocrates, an Athenian, seeking to a∣uoyde the feare of death by water, as then ready to be sunke in a shippe, killed himselfe. Thucidides.

Sabina, the wife of Adrian the Emperour, beeing without all reason or modesty, was cruelly intreated, and with extreamity dri∣uen to desperation, murdered her selfe. Eu∣tropius.

Arbogastus, beeing vanquished by Theo∣dosius the Emperour, fled out of the bat∣taile, and not finding place of refuge or secu∣rity, with his owne sword killed himselfe. Ambrose.

Page  [unnumbered]
Artaxerxes, caused his eldest sonne Darius to be slaine, for certaine treacherous demea∣nours, the second brother next to him, forth∣with in his fathers presence, drew out his per∣sian Acynax, and desperatly murthered him∣selfe. Aelian.

Mithridates, naked of all comfort, & despe∣rate in his vnhappy fortunes, when hee could not dispatch himselfe by poyson, for that hee had alwayes vsed Antidotes (from whence at this day we cal our Mithridate) desired Bi∣talus a French-man, and one of his Captains, to kill him, which he obayed. Appian.

The Assapeians, besieged of the Romaines, seeing no way to escape their tiranny & bon∣dage, brought all their goods and riches into the market-place, & piled vpon them great heapes of wood, and sware 50. of the chiefest of their Citty, that they with thēselues, wiues and children, should goe vp to it, and if they were furder distressed, to set it on fire. Idem.

Of the Deuill. The deuill hath diuers names, he is called Di∣abolus, Daemō, (& of Plato Cacodaemō) Sathan, Lucifer, Leuiathan, Mammon, Asmodeus, Beel∣zebub, Baal, Berith, Belphegor, & Astaroth.
