
Cyrus could call euery Souldiour in his campe by name. Xenophon.

Cassius Seuerus, sayde, that although his bookes were burned, hee caried all his lear∣ning in mind and memory.

•ublius Crassus, at one instant, heard fiue
Page  58
sundry languages spoken, and answered each of them in the same tongue.

Iulius Caesar at one time caused his Secre∣taries to write vnto foure seuerall persons, of sundry matters, and would oftentimes indite a letter to one of his Secretaries, reade in a booke, and heare another speake, all at one time.

Seneca rehearsed tvvo thousande sundrie names, hauing only heard them pronounced before, beginning at the last, and continuing to the first.

One asked Domaratus, who was the hone∣stest man in Sparta, He that resembleth thee least, sayd he.

One asked an Aegiptian, what hee caried folded vp, it is wrapped vp, quoth hee, because thou shouldest not know.

Another asked, what God made before he made heauen, who aunswered, hell, for such inquisitiue persons.

Virgill for all that vvith his so deuine a wit and iudgement, tooke all hope from his posterity, for any to follow him at any time, yet would he follow Homer.

Pythagoras very wittily, and after a subtile manner, found out the measure of Hercules body by his foot, measuring the space where
Page  [unnumbered]
euery fiue yeares they kept theyr games a• Olympus. Plinie.

The Aegiptians marked the well memoried man, with the figure of an Hare or a Fox, for that the Hare heareth best, and the Foxe is of greatest memory, and if any want memo∣ry, they compare him to a Crocodile. Bap∣tista.

Some are of opinion, that the signe Capri∣cornus was Pan, whom Iupiter for the dexte∣rity of his wit so metamorphized.

Aelius Adrianus the Emperour, would at one time vvrite, heare, and talke vvith his friends. Iustinus.

Homer in his discription of Vlisses, makes him of little stature, but of an excellent wit, and of the contrary, he sets foorth A•ax with body and members of great corpulency, but very simple in mind and iudgment.

Alexander Seuerus, and Charles the fifth, writ downe those thar did them seruice, and the rewards which he had giuen to many of them; and if in perusing his notes of remem∣brance, hee saw any man that had done him seruice, and was not worthily recompenced, he caused him to come before him, and asked him why he had not sued for recompence. Rauisius.

Page  59
Messala was of so weake a memory, that he forgot his owne name. Plinie.

Caluisius forgot his friends names, vvith whom he daily kept company. Seneca.

Curio a Iudge, was so forgetfull, that hee forgot the case which he should giue iudge∣ment on. Cicero.

Atticus was of so weake a memory, that hee could not remember the foure elements.

Bamba, King of the Goths, by a drinke gi∣uen by Heringeus his successor, lost his me∣mory.

The Poets faine, that there is a riuer in hell called Lethe, of the which who soeuer drin∣keth, forgetteth all vvhat hee remembred before.

The Thracians were so dul, that they could not count aboue foure.

