Titus his sonne succeeded him, who for his clemency was called the loue of mankind, he was a stout warriour, eloquent, learned, & li∣berall, hee builded the Theater in Rome for plaies, he died whē he had raigned, 2. yeres,
Page  [unnumbered]
8. months, 20. daies, & was canonized.

Domitian vvas the second Emperour that persecuted the Christians, a proude & cruell Prince, he was slaine by his owne seruaunts, the fifteene yeere of his raigne.

Nerua vvas a man in his priuate life sober, yet stout and valourous, he demeaned hym∣selfe vprightly, and deceased vvhen hee had raigned one yeere, 4. months, 8. dayes.

Traianus a Spanyard, was the third Empe∣rour that persecuted the Christians, he vvas an affable & sober Prince, & pittiful, he died of the flixe in the 19. yeere and 6. month of his raigne.

Adrianus gaue himselfe vvholy to peace, which much aduantaged the Common-vvealth, hee was expert in the knowledge of Astronomy; he persecuted the Christians a vvhile, and raigned 20. yeers 10. months.

Antonius Fuluius was a good Prince, libe∣rall, curteous, iust, he was for his gentlenesse sirnamed Pius, and died of a Feauer, when he had raigned 23. yeeres.

Marcus Aurelius vvas very learned, he go∣uerned the Empire ioyntly with his brother Antoninus, at what time Rome began to be ruled by two Emperours at once, M. Aure∣lius died of the Apoplexie, raigning eleuen
Page  168
yeeres, then Antoninus gouerned alone, be∣ing a sober and graue Prince & learned, he sold all his substance rather then hee vvould charge his subiects vvith exactions, & dyed when he had raigned 18. yeres.

Antonius Comodus defamed himselfe by his wicked life, and died suddainly, raigning twelue yeeres, 8. months.

Pertinax was very olde when hee was cho∣sen, and hauing raigned but 80. daies, he was slaine in an vproare which sell among the gard, by the meanes of Iulian.

Didicus Iulianus bought the Empire vvith mony, hee was a noble man, expert in the lawes, he was ouercom by Seuerus, & slaine in his pallace, raigning 7. months.

Seuerus the only Emperour created forth of Affrique, he was very couetous, & by na∣ture cruell, hee subdued Brittaine, deceased at Yorke, raigning 18. yeres.

Antoninus killed his brother Geta in hys mothers presence, hee founded the Baths at Rome, & was much giuen to lust, he espou∣sed his mother in law, Iuba, and was slaine of Macrinus when he had raigned 6. yeeres.

Opilius Macrinus & Diadumenus hys son succeeded, & were both slaine in a sedition, raigning but one yeere, 2. months.

Page  [unnumbered]
Heliogabalus vvas a most dissolute & wic∣ked Emperour, the base sonne of Antoninus, he vvith his mother Semiamira, were drawn vvith all spight through the Citty of Rome, their bodies were torne in peeces, & cast in∣to Tiber; he raigned sixe yeeres.

Alexander Seuerus, beeing but 17. yeeres old, was chosen Emperour, hee was a very vertuous Prince, and the first Emperor that fauoured the Christians; hee vvas slaine in Fraunce, in a tumult that arose among the souldiours by the meanes of Maximinus, in the thirteene yeere of his raigne.

Maximinus vvas first a Sheephearde in Thracia, and afterward became a souldiour, hee vvas the first that aspired to the Empyre by meanes of souldiours only; he was slaine by Pupienus at Aquileia, when he had raig∣ned three yeeres.

Three at once bare the name of Augustus, Pupienus, Balbinus, and Gordianus; the the first two, so soone as they came to Rome, were slaine in the pallace, & Gordianus raig∣ned alone; he was come of a noble progeny, and when he had raigned sixe yeeres he vvas slaine by the treason of Phillip, who succee∣ded him.

Philip was the first Emperour that pro∣•essed
Page  169
the Christian saith, hee was slaine by Decius, when he had raigned 5. yeares.

Decius made an act, that all that worship∣ped Christ should be slaine, both he and his •onne were slaine in Barbary, after they had •aigned 2. yeares, some write he was swallo∣wed vp in an earthquake.

Virius Gallus, and Volusianus his sonne, •aigned together, then Emilianus attempted new conspiracies in Moesia, and when they both went to subdue him, they were slaine at •teramna, not raigning full out two yeares, •hey persecuted the Christians.

Aemilianus, as hee was descended of base stock, so was the time of his Empire obscure and without fame, when he had raigned 3, moneths he was slaine.

Valerianus raigned 6. yeres, he was discom∣fited & taken prisoner by Sapores King of Persia, who whē he would take his horse, he made Valerianus lie on the ground, that hee might tred on him while he got on horsback, he was slaine at Millaine, & ruled 6. yeares.
