
The old and auncient seate of the Empire, the Popes possesse, and a great deale more;
Page  181
beeing now so farre from acknowledging an Emperour, that they haue made the Empe∣rour and Gouernours beholding to them.

The Venetians holde not onely freedoms, but Prouinces, and are the freest people of the vvorld, as it were seperated frō the Ro∣maine Empire.

All that appertaineth now to the Empire, is inclosed vvithin the confines of Germanie, out of vvhose limits there is nothing.

Thys Romaine Monarchie, is and shall bee the last, vvhich although it hath greatly de∣cayed, yet shall part thereof continue to the vvorlds end, wherein shal remaine the name and maiestie of an Emperour.

These foure Monarchies were prophecied of long since by the Prophet Daniell, vnder the figure of a great Image, vvhose head was made of golde, breast of siluer, belly of cop∣per, legges of yron, and feete of earth, and yron, mistically described.

The heade of Gold, signifieth the Monar∣chy of the Assyrians, the breast of Siluer, the Persians, the belly of Brasse, the kingdome of the Greekes; the legges of Yron, the Ro∣maines, the feete of yron and earth, the mo∣derne estate of the Monarchie, beeing much vveaker then it was vvont to be.

Page  [unnumbered]
Daniell dreamed that hee sawe 4. beastes come out of the Ocean, the first a Lyon, the second a Beare, the thyrd a Leopard, and as touching the fourth, he sayd it vvas terrible to behold.

The first of these, figured the kingdome of Assyria, the second, the kingdome of Persia, the third, the Empire of the Greekes, and the fourth, the Romaine Monarchie; the tenne hornes are his members or parts, as Si∣ria, Egypt, Asia, Grecia, Affrick, England, Spaine, Fraunce, Italy, Germanie; for the Romaine Monarchie possessed all these Na∣tions.

Betweene these tenne hornes, sprang vp a little horne, which pluckt away three of the other tenne; by which is meant the Maho∣meticall or Turkish Empire, the vvhich en∣gendered of small beginning in the Easterne Romaine Monarchie, hath now pulled out three hornes therof, Egypt, Asia, & Greece,

This little horne hath eyes, which are pre∣sumptious against Christ and Christendom, sparckling foorth dreadfull blasphemies a∣gainst the name of GOD.

Page  182
Of the Turkish Empire.

IN the yeere of our Lord, 630. & in the 15. yeere of Heraclius Emperour of Rome, arose the dreadfull change of al man∣kinde, by reason of the doctrine of Mahomet vvhich then beganne; this did the Arabians first embrace, who neuer obeyed kingdoms or lawes lawfully appoynted.

Mahomet himselfe, vvas borne of base pa∣rentage in Arabia, in the yeere of our Lord, 591. (in the raigne of Mauritius, Emperor of the Romaines) his father was an Arabian, and his mother a Iew, vvho beeing brought vp with a rich Merchant, after his maisters death married his mistresse; and for that he vvas greatly desirous to rise in honour and estimation, by the counsell of Sergius an an∣cient Monck, & an Arrian, he coyned a new religion, deriued out of sundry Sects, min∣gled with some part of the Iewes, some part of the Christians, & some of the Arrians.

The Prophet Ezechiell and S. Iohn, call the Turks Gog and Magog, Gog signifyeth a Tent, and Magog the people vvithout the Tents; for the Tartarians vsually dvvell in Tents, and the Turkes are Tartaries, vvho
Page  [unnumbered]
came out of Tartarie into Asia, when the Sa∣razens warred against the Persians, by theyr King Hormisda desired in ayde. Mahomet is interpreted rage or indignation, & Turke signifieth a souldiour, or a vvrastler, & in the Tartarian tongue, one that is accursed, or a vagabond.

Methodius calleth thys people red Iewes, eyther because they vvere cruell & thirsting after blood, or els, for that Mahomet vvas borne of Edom in Arabia, and Edom signi∣fieth redde; Besides, the same Author vvri∣teth, that Gog and Magog vvere closed in beyond the hyll Caucasus, and that a subtile Foxe should make them a passage, vvhich Foxe is Mahomet.

VVhen the Sarazens serued vnder Hera∣clius, against the persians, being denied their pay, they fledde from him, and in theyr re∣turne homewards, they spoyled many villa∣ges and townes about Damascus in Syria; then vnderstanding Mahomet to be of great power, by reason of his vvealth, and the opi∣nion vvhich vvas helde of his religion; they made choyse of him for theyr Gouernour, and by the consent of the Sarazens, Arabi∣ans, and a great part of the Egyptians, they so proclaimed him.

Page  183
The beginning of his kingdome, vvas in •523. yeeres after Christ, vvho making hys •eate in Syria, vvrote the Alcoran, a booke of all the lawes, ceremonies, and traditions of his religion, vvith a number of idle tales, and faigned miracles; hee vvas poysoned by Albunor one of his owne disciples, to the in∣•ent hee might see if his maister Mahomet vvoulde rise againe the thirde day after hys death, according to his prophecy; but hys body was torne in peeces of dogges, he raig∣ned tenne yeeres.

Ebebuzer or Amiras, that is, a Prince or suc∣cessor, his sonne in law, succeeded him, hee tooke Damascus, making that his princely seate, and after 2. yeeres siedge spoiled Gaza & Ierusalem, raigning 3. yeeres.

Ahumar succeeded, hee subdued all Syria and Egypt, conquering Persia, and hauing added Cilicia, Cappadocia, Mesopotamia, and the Ile of Cyprus vnto his conquests, he made Babylon the seate of his Empire; whō the Sarazens called the Calipha of Babilon; which signifieth the chiefe Prince of empire and religion; he raigned 12. yeeres.

Muhauiar tooke Caesaria and Palestine, o∣uercame Horimasda the sonne of Cosroes, he made them keepe Mahomets lawes, vvhich
Page  [unnumbered]
the Persians obserue at this day; after thys the Sarazens possessed Affrica, & vvent for∣ward into Asia, vvhere they flourished 200▪ yeeres.

