Damasus the second, obtained the Sea by force, without the Emperours commaunde∣ment, but the 30. day after he was poysoned.

Leo the 9, Bishop of Toledo, was betraied to the Normaines, by Hildebrand and Theo∣philact, who hardly escaping their rage, at his returne at Rome was poysoned by Bra∣zutus, the fifth yeare of his Popedome.

Victor the second, a Germaine, when hee had raigned two yeares, was likewise poyso∣ned of Brazutus.

Stephen the ninth, the Duke of Lo∣rains brother, caused the Church of Rome (which for 200. yeares had defied the supre∣nacy of Rome) to becom subiect vnto it; he in a counsell at Florence, commaunded ma∣ny things against Dualities, Pluralities, and Totquots, but he was poysoned by Brazu∣tus, at Hildebrands request.

Page  204
Benedict the tenth, was made Pope con∣trary to the oath, which the Clergy made to Hildebrand, who deposing Benedict, set vp Gerhard Bishop of Florence, naming him Nicholas the second. Benedict liued an out∣law after he had beene Pope 9. moneths.

Nicholas the second, was by the meanes of Hildebrand poisoned of Brazutus; he first ordayned that Cardinals should choose the Pope, he condemned Berengarius, & com∣pelled him to reuoke what he taught of the sacrament.

Alexander the second, was made Pope by Hildebrands meanes, against the Emperors mind, against whom the Lombards set vp by the Emperours consent, one Cadolus who came to Rome, but with his great army was put to flight; the Emperour sent the Arch∣bishop of Coleine with his authority to de∣bate the matter, but Hildebrand withstoode it; in the end the Pope of his owne volunta∣ry sayde openly, that hee would no longer continue in the Sea, without the Emperours good will.

Hildebrand vpon this, with a troupe of ar∣med Souldiours tooke the Pope, and beate him, because he had so protested; and casting him into prison, alowed him but 5. shillings a
Page  [unnumbered]
day, retaining all the rest of the reuenewes to himselfe. Alexander in this misery dyed, and the same houre Hildebrand vvas installed Pope by his Souldiers, without consent o• the people or Clergy.

Gregory the 7. first called Hildebrand (as his companion Brazutus and Beuno writes) poysoned sixe or seauen popes before hee came to the place, he excommunicated the Emperour Henry the 4. without lawfull ac∣cusation, canonicall citation, or iudiciall or∣der, & caused his peeres to reuolt from him, giuing his crowne to Rodolphus.

The Emperour with his wife and his sonne in the depth of vvinter, wayted 3. dayes and three nights at the popes gates, fasting from morning to night, humbly suing for pardon vpon his knees, but the pope would neyther pardon nor absolue him, but vpon hard con∣ditions; all which the Emperor promised to performe by his hand and seale, yet was no• restored.

This pope commanded the Saterday to be fasted, and tooke away the crowne from the King of Poland, but Henry the Emperour anno Domini 1083. depriued him of his place, and placed in his sted Clement the third. Hildebrand forsaken of all, fledde to
Page  205
Salerne, where he ended his life in great mi∣sery. 1086.

Victor the third, defended Gregories acts against the Emperour, and Clement, erected by him; hee was poysoned (as Harmanus, Carsulanus, and Praemonstratensis writeth) by his Deacon, who at Masse-time put the poyson into the Chalice.

Vrban the second, was made pope by Ma∣tilda, and the Norman Lords in Apulia, in despight of the Emperour; hee excommu∣nicated Clement the third, established by the Emperour, and the Emperour himselfe, on the other side, Clement excōmunicated him as an vsurper.

Vrban, first caused all that should take or∣der, to sweare with this clause, So God helpe me and the holy Euangelist; Hee dyed anno 1099. the same yeare dyed also Clement the third, who in his time saw the death of three popes.

Paschall the second, an Italian, would not take the place vpon him, vntill the people had cryed three times, Saint Peter chooseth thee woorthy man Raynard, for so vvas hee called before; hee did prouoke and arme Henry the fift to rebell against the Emperor his father; he dyed. 1118.

Page  [unnumbered]
Gelasius the 2. chosen without the Empe∣rors consent, was deposed, & in his sted was set vp Gregory the 8. who dyed in exile.

Calixtus the second, of the royall bloods of England and Fraunce, continued his predi∣cessours excōmunication against the Empe∣rour, with whom he tooke peace. Gregory the 8. whom he had made Pope yet lyuing; the Emperour yeelded vp his right to the Pope, and was absolued; he tooke Gregory and put him into a monastry, hee dyed of a feauer. 1125.

Honorius the second, of base birth, for his learning was made Pope; hee by his Car∣dinall condemned all the English Clergy of adultry which had wyfes, and was taken him selfe in one night in the same fault; Honori∣us dyed anno 1130.

Innocentius the second, sought to suppresse Roger Duke of Sicilia, for saying that he was King of Italy, whom the Pope in a battaile ouercame, but the Duke his sonne tooke the Pope and his Cardinals, in this time the Ro∣maines created Leo his sonne Pope, and cal∣led him Anacletus; By the aydes of Phillip King of Fraunce, & Lotharius of Germany, he ouerthrew Anacletus with Duke Roger; for which he crowned Lotharius Emperor.

Page  206
He gaue to Reginald his chiefest Captaine, the Dukdom of Apulia, which was the inhe∣ritance of Roger; but after Reginalds death, Roger claimed his right, & being withstood, he tooke the pope, who for his ransom made him King of both Sicills, and so since that time the kingdom of Sicill is called S. Peters patrimony; he dyed anno 1143.

Celestine the second, a Thuscane, dyed the sixth moneth of his Popeship.

Lucius the second, disanulled the office of Patricianship in Rome, which the Romaines being weary of the Popes yoake, had made in the time of Innocentius, because the Pops tooke vpon them all sway within the Coun∣try and abroade, about which, he was by the Cittizens slaine in a tumult 1145. hauing not raigned a yeare.
