
The Thracians are descended of Thyras, and of Iauan the Greekes, who gaue name to the Ionians. Iosephus.

These were the seauen sonnes of Iaphet the youngest sonne of Noah.

VVhen Ioseph was sold by his brethren to the Egiptians, the Merchants of Israell car∣ried Myrrhe, Balme, and Spicerie, out of Gilaad to sell in Egypt, which may testifie the antiquitie of merchandize.

Poets in antiquitie goe before Philoso∣phers. Cicero.

Damascus is a famous Citty in Syria, and supposed to be the first that euer vvas inha∣bited.

Page  [unnumbered]
There vvere fiue antiquities in the vvor• generally accepted, the first vvas the Com•mon-wealth, the second, Letters, the thyrd▪ Lawes, the fourth, Barbers, the fyft, Dial• and Clocks. Marcus Varro.

The beginning of Venice vvas pittifull▪ poore, and almost in dispaire, it vvas builded vvhen Attyla troubled Italy, the first Duke vvas Paulus Anazalus, Anno Dom. 706. two hundred and fiftie two yeeres after the foun∣dation. Sleidan.

Rome was the chiefe citty of all Italie, Car∣thage was the principall of Affrick, Numan∣tia of Spayne, Argentine of Germanie, Ba∣bilon of Chaldea, Thebes of Egypt, Athence of Greece, Tyra of Phenice, Cesaria of Cap∣padocia, Bizantium now Constantinople of Thrace, and Ierusalem of Palestine. Strabo.

Thales the Phylosopher being demaunded vvhat God vvas, aunswered; Of all antiqui∣ties the most auncient; for all the ancients past neuer saw him take beginning, nor any that shal come after, shall euer see him haue ending. La∣ertius.

The Germaines vvere called Cymbrians, and are now thought to be Danes.

The Phrygians vvere prooued more aun∣cient then the Egyptians, by the education
Page  150
•f 2. children of both nations euery way like •ourished, by the commandement of Psam∣•etichus, who desirous to know it, vvilled •hat no man comming to them should speak •o them, but after two yeeres, the Phrygian •pake Beccos, vvhich in theyr language signi∣•yeth breade, by which hee perceiued them to be the auncientest. Herodotus.

The name of Countie, vvas fyrst gyuen to the Gouernours of Prouinces, in the raignes of the Emperours Honorius and Arcadius. P. Diaconus.

Longinus, in the time of Iustinus, called himselfe the supreame Gouernour of Italie, and he appoynted vnto euery Citty a Ruler, vvhom hee termed Dukes, from whence it is supposed that dignitie tooke the first name. Orosius.

In the time of Heraclius beganne the doc∣trine of Mahomet, & was first embraced of the Arabians. Paulus Diaconus.

VVhen Constantinus vvarred against the Sarazines, Calinicus deuised vvild fire, with vvhich (by hurling it amongst thē) he bur∣ned theyr ships, and droue them from Con∣stantinople.

King Pippin ordayned the fyrst parliament in Fraunce.

Page  [unnumbered]
Sem, the eldest sonne of Noah, vvas the first that did search out the Sciences, and b••fore the Deluge ingraued thē in pillers, th•• his posterity might learne them.

Pythagoras was the first that called himse•• a Phylosopher.

Socrates was the first that brought phylo∣sophy from studie to practise.

Caine was the first homicide, and Lamec• did second him.

Lamech first deuided one rib into two, and brought in Polygamie.

Stephen was the first Martyr in the prima∣tiue Church, called Protomartyr.

The first that died in the vvorld, was Abel, the first Citty was builded by Enoch in the fieldes of Edom, and the first that sailed was Noah.
