
Anacharsis a Seithian Phylosopher, being demaunded of his estate, how he fed, how he did lie, and how he was cloathed, aunswered, I feede on hunger, I lie on the ground, and I am cloathed like a Scithian. Laertius.

Dyonisius made sute to Aristides, for his daughter in marriage, but he knowing him to be an intemperate Prince, soberly answe∣red, that he had rather kill his daughter with his owne hand, then giue her in marriage vn∣to Dionysius.

Valerius Publicola, after he had been con∣sull foure times, died so poore, that he had not sufficient to defray the charge of his Fu∣nerals, but was buried of the common tresu∣ry. Valerius.

The ••ke of Menenius Agrippa, vvhen by the counsaile of Epimenides of Create, the Athenians vvere deliuered from a plague, which their neighbours were infected with, they in regard of his loue & aduice, sent him rich rewards, which he refused. Plato.

Apollonius Tyanaeus had diuers rich gifts sent him by Vespasian, which he would not
Page  32
•ccept, saying, that they were for couetous minded men and for those that had neede of them. Stobeus.

The Romaines laughed Sylla to scorne, that being a man most intemperate, did not withstanding vse to exhort, and compell o∣thers to sobriety, temperance, and frugality. Suetonius.

Lisander contrary to him, allowed those vi∣•es in the Cittizens, from the which himselfe refrained. Thucidides.

Pericles, when his companion Sophocles and Pretor in Rome, commended the beau∣•y of a young woman, whom they met, said, It becommeth a Pretor to haue not onely hands free from corruption, but also continent eyes, voyde of vnchast lookes. Idem.

Hortensius was much reproued, for that at a supper (prepared for the Augurs) he set be∣fore them a boiled Peacock. Suetonius.

Cassius was deemed intemperate, because publiquely he drank water, and could not for a short time endure the thirst thereof.

Duronius was remoued from the Senate, for that he being Tribune, repeated the law concerning the restraint of feasting. Patri∣•ius.

VVhen the Pres•nts which King Pyrrhus,
Page  [unnumbered]
after his ouerthrow, were brought to Rome and shewed about the streetes, hoping ther•by to winne good will of the people, the•• was not one man seene to put out his hand towards them, so as the King found himselfe no lesse vanquished with continency, the• force of armes.

Diogenes laughed those to scorne, that by sacrifice sought for helpe of the Gods, and notvvithstanding led an intemperate lyfe. Gellius.

Cato by prescribing too spare & temperate dyet, killed his wife and child.

In the presence of Gorgo, the daughter of Cleomenes, but 9. yeares old, Aristagoras intreated Cleomenes, that the Lacedemoni∣ans would send an Army into Asia, promising to giue him 10. talents, which he refusing, offered him 50, the wench tooke her Father a side, and sayd, Father, if you get you not hence, this guest will corrupt you, vvhereat he depar∣ted, without hearkning to Aristagoras any more. Herodotus.

The Lacedemonians were very temperate in their dyet, and had certaine publique pla∣ces, called Phidities, where they fed, of which came, that when men would speake of a small pittance, they vvould lyke it to a meale of
Page  33
•he Phiditie.

The Esseans a certaine Iewish sect, vvho were holier and of better conuersation then •he Pharisies, abstained from wine and vvo∣men. Iosephus.

The temperance and staiednes of Titus Quintus, got more countries to the Ro∣mans then al the forces vnder him had done.

It was felonie for the Magistrates of Locris to drinke wine without the lycence of a Phi∣•ition, and the Romans neuer drunke wine, before they were twenty yeres old. Diodo.

In the tyme of Saturne, the world did ney∣ther eate flesh, nor drinke wine, wherin they agree with our Diuines, who put vs out of doubt, that the vse of flesh and wine, was vn∣knowne before the vniuersall flood.

Of Fortitude. The vertue of the mind aduentureth nothing •••shly, neyther in a good cause feareth death, be 〈◊〉 in apparaunce neuer so terrible: whose ex∣treames are feare and foolish boldnes.

FOure kinds of people the Romans found hard to ouercome, the Mermidons, the Gaditanes, the Saguntines, & the Numan∣tines,
