
Aristocratie, is the rule or power of the best and most vertuous men, approued for good lyfe and vvisedome, directing their thoughts to no other end then a generall profit.

Oligarchie, is whē a fevv noble or rich men gouerne the Common-wealth, reiecting the poore and baser sort.

Timocratie, is the power of meane or indif∣ferent vvealth, gouerning by some lawes ta∣ken from Oligarchie and Democratie, vvhich are two extreames.

Democratie, is where free men, beeing the greater number, are Lords of the estate.

There was also a mixt or compounded e∣state of all these.

Vnder the Monarchiall gouernment, liued the Scithians, Ethiopians, Iulians, Assirians, Medes, Egiptians, Bactrians, Armenians, Macedonians, Iewes, & Romaines; at thys day, Englishmen, Frenchmen, Spanyards, Polonians, Danes, Muschouits, Turks, Tar∣tars, Abissines, Moores, Agiamesques, Za∣gathians, Cathaians.

Vnder Aristocratie were the Lacedemoni∣ans, which estate was an excellent patterne of gouernment, this established Lycurgus fiue hundred yeeres.

Page  165
Vnder Oligarchie were the ancient gouern∣ments in Sicilia, amongst which, that of the Leontines was translated into the tiranny of Pannecus, that of Geta into the tiranny of Leander, & that of Rheginū into the tiranny of Anaxilas, & so of others. Aristotle.

Vnder Aristocratie is the gouernment of Venice. Vnder Democratie, Athence. Plato.

Ptolomey King of Egipt, as he feasted one day seauen Embassadors of the best & most flourishing Common-wealths in his time, he desired them that they woulde instruct him in the best poynts necessary for the preserua∣tion of an estate. VVho thus began.

The Romaine Embassador.

VVe haue the Temples in great respect and reue∣rence, we are very obedient to our Gouernours, and we punish wicked men and euill liuers se∣uerely.

The Carthagenian.

In the Common-wealth of Carthage, the nobles neuer cease fighting, nor the cōmon people & ar∣tificers labouring, nor the Philosophers teach∣ing.

The Sicilian.

In our Common-wealth, iustice is exactly kept, merchandize exercised with truth, and all men account themselues equall.

Page  [unnumbered]
The Rhodian.

At Rhodes, olde men are honest, young men shamefast, and women solitary, and of fewe wordes.

The Athenian.

Our rich men are not suffered to be deuided into factions, nor poore men to be idle, nor the Gouer∣nours to be ignorant.

The Lacedemonian.

In Sparta, enuie raigneth not, for all are equall, nor couetousnes, for all goods are common, nor sloth, for all labour.

The Sicyonian.

Voyages are not permitted, that they shoulde bring home new fashions at their returne, Phisi∣tions are not suffered, least they shoulde kill the sound, nor Orators to take vppon them the de∣fence of causes and sutes. Buda.
