The Romans did not onely assigne the •hiefest places to men of vertue, but likewise •ubliquely they gaue them Speares, Horse-•appings, and Garlands. Tacitus.

VVhen the Romaine Victors rode in try∣•mph, a slaue sate behind them striking them 〈◊〉 vpon the necke, that they shoulde re∣•ember themselues and not be proude, and •hat euery man shoulde hope by vertue to •ome to the like dignity. Plutarch.

Fabius for his vertues was sirnamed Maxi••us, where before he was called Gurges.

Alexanders vertues purchased him the sir∣•ame of great. Plut.

It is recorded of Fabius, that it was as hard •o draw him from his honestie and vertues,
Page  [unnumbered]
as the sunne from his course. Eutropius.

Camillus, for a disgrace happening to him in Rome, was banished into Campania where his vertues and seruice in the vvars o• that country succeeded so happily with him▪ that hee returned to Rome not as an offen∣der, but in great tryumph.

No Athenian excelled Alcibiades, eythe• for vertue or vice. Iustinus.

Socrates made him to weepe, for that hee shewed him by liuely reasons that he vvas 〈◊〉 lesse estimation then a base hinde if hee ha• not vertue, and that it behooued him to b• sorrowfull.

The Rhodians and the Lydians had a lawe that those sonnes which followed not they fathers in theyr vertues, but liued viciously should be disinherited, and theyr lands giue to the most vertuous of that race, not ad∣mitting any impious heyre vvhat-soeuer▪ Varro.

For that Artaxerxes Mnemon was a vertu∣ous Prince & delighted in peace, the succee∣ding kings of Persia were called by his name▪

Basilius, Emperour of Constantinople, a• his death exhorted Leo his sonne to vertu∣ous actions, and not to become slaue to hy• owne affections; by good lyfe and studie o•
Page  18
•odlines to beautifie his soule, shewing him∣••lfe the image and Lieuetenant of the Knig 〈◊〉 heauen. Theophrastus.

Demetrius, the scholler of Theophrastus, 〈◊〉 he had ten yeeres gouerned the state of •hence, hauing in memory of his vertues, ••ree hundred and threescore statues erected 〈◊〉 Greece, yet were they all through enuie •oken dovvne, which when he heard of, he 〈◊〉, Though they burne my pictures, yet cannot ••ey burne the vertuous cause of them. Theo∣prastus.

Alexander vvilled that the Grecians and Barbarians shoulde no more be disguised by ••eyr garments, but that the Grecian should be knowne by vertue, and the Barbarian by 〈◊〉; accounting all vertuous men Greci∣•ns, and all vicious Barbarians. Quint. Cur∣••us.

Menander King of the Bactrians, vvas so •ell beloued of his subiects for his vertues, 〈◊〉 after his death the principall citties con∣••ded which of them shoulde haue the ho∣•or of his buriall; for the appeasing of which •ife, it was concluded that each of them 〈◊〉 remembrance of his worthynes) should •ake a tombe.

Harmocrates the last Tyrant in Sicilia, at
Page  [unnumbered]
the very instant of his death exhorted hys sonne to liue so vprightly, that his vertues might make him to be enuied.

Alexander praised greatly this vertue in the Phylosopher Calisthenes, that for others he asked many things, & for himselfe nothing. Plutarch.

Into the graue Senate of Areopage, no•e were receiued, except they had made some notable proofe of their vertues. Sabellicus.

A rare example of a Romans vertue was i• Mes•ala, who hauing Claudius in his custo∣die, who before had proscribed him, resto∣red him to his estate, and preserued him fr•• danger. Appianus.

Iuno through her riches, Mercurie throug• his eloquence, Venus through her beautie M••s through his threats, and the rest of th• Gods hauing all conspired against Iupiter,〈◊〉 were not able to pull him out of heauen: 〈◊〉 which the Poets signified, that a vertuou• man can by no meanes be turned aside from iustice.

Plato wrote 54. Bookes or Dialogues which did all intr•ate of vertue; in which that he might not be thought vngrateful to∣ward his Maister Socrates, who woulde ne∣uer write any thing, hee bringeth him in re•hearsing
Page  19
that which he heard him speake.

Anacharsis led with the onely loue of ver∣•ue, left the kingdom of Scythia to his youn∣•er brother, & trauailed into Grecia, where •e learned phylosophy of Solon.

